I can't think of a crash retrieval case
with live aliens better than Venia. Every
single bit of testimony from separate people
from all over the area all fits perfectly.
It's like putting together a piece puzzle,
right? I think if this were a murder case,
you'd have more than enough evidence.
This one right here. That's so cool. The
alien was alive in this bed right
here. Knowing that you sat in the
hospital room with a live captured alien
and had direct telepathic communication,
you have the autopsy of this soldier who's died
because he basically grabbed an alien being.
the unheard of voice. Every time I
say something's impossible, therefore,
you know, it it can't be, therefore
it isn't, I've been proven wrong.
I'm here round two with James Fox, who uh I always
say is my documentarian hero and and now a friend.
And I just really I really appreciate you coming
here because we're talking about I think maybe
the most interesting case where you have a UFO,
you have alien beings and you have all of these
witnesses in a a town in Brazil in Venia, Brazil
as late as 1996. We're not talking about Roswell
70 plus years ago or Magenta or Magenta, you
know, 90 years ago. and you've just done an
amazing job in this movie of documenting all
of the literally the flight path of the UFO,
you know, h three beings coming out of the UFO
and them seeming sort of injured and and afraid,
maybe more, maybe more. And you show all of these
witnesses coming from disperate places that have
zero reason to lie, have not made a penny off of
any of their testimony, and they're coming from
this, you know, from Virginia, Brazil. They're
not, you know, selling books at like a conference
in the Southwest in the US and like into the UFO
lore. Like they don't really have pre-existing
notions of what these things even are. So hard to
get those people on camera. People have no idea.
They think like people are just lining up. I
want to be famous. I want my my my notoriety.
Get on camera. Exactly the opposite. People
took years and in some cases decades to come
forward. And you know this most recent revelation
which is in my humble opinion the most compelling
firsthand eyewitness testimony in the history
of the phenomenon. I agree. I I fully agree
with that. Right. And and and it's and it's not
just some random Joe. It's the guy that ran all
the hospitals humanitas regional like bone bone
bone hearts. The there he mentions them in there.
But in any case, he's a neurosurgeon and he had
health complications. He had a heart attack.
Then he got cancer and he was like staring at
the ceiling of the ICU. and he was thinking,
"If I get through this, I'm I I can't take
this to the grave." This is It's literally
the I agree with you. It's the most amazing
testimony I've ever heard from a person who
was face to face with an alien being for
what he describes as 3 to four minutes,
which is just remarkable. And it's clearly, you
know, he's a concert pianist. You show him at the
in the end credits playing piano. Oh my god. And
um and he's a a really wellrespected neurosurgeon.
And um it seems totally beyond reproach. And you
see him, he's in the hospital and he's showing
the bed that the alien was on. Crazy. It's crazy.
It's crazy. And then he gets emotional. You take
him to a cafe nearby. He got kicked out of
the hospital. Basically, he got kicked out
of the hospital. He's like, I think I might have
just lost my job. So, a a lot of this might be,
you know, a lot of detail for people to take in,
especially if they're not familiar with, you know,
kind of the the the background of exactly what
happened kind of high level. So, we might be
getting ahead of ourselves here. So, so, so
what happened in January of 1996 in Virginia?
Put me on that farm in January of 1996. What
happened? So, the object was shaped like a saw.
A rubber was shaped like a school bus. It was the
size of a school bus. dogs and no noise at all. We
kept watching it because there was smoke, a light
smoke wrapped around it. But I even joked with
her. What is that? Is it a submarine? Because it
was floating. You know, he kept watching it until
it vanished this way. It was shaped like a cigar.
You know that along like that, like a cigar.
Roughly 20 m as the crow flies from the couple's
sighting, farmer Fabio Futado encountered a
similar object. From here, I saw it. It passed
right by and made that movement over there in
front. You see? And I saw it all from right here.
Look. Then it performed that exact same movement
right here. And then it landed way back there. It
was like a cigar just flying through the air. Z.
It was January 1996, probably the 13th,
and there are a number of witnesses to a
cylindrical shaped object, rather large, the
size of a little bigger than a school bus.
Okay. And it was like a metallic cigar shape.
Cigar shape. Yeah. There were no like wings or
any visible means propulsion. It didn't really
make any noise. And according to the witnesses,
it had and for the first time ever in
this recent cut of Moment of Contact,
new revelations of alien encounters, we actually
have a map of all the various sightings of it,
which really helped put things in perspective
for me cuz he did a great job of that. Wow. I was
like, "Oh my god, he saw it here. This person saw
it here. This is the town of Virginia. The crash
was here." It was like, it all makes sense, you
know? And uh so they see this object and it had
a tear in the back of it which is very puzzling
like hm how did that happen? Something came in
contact with that object to tear it and have they
said it was like a white vapor. It wasn't like a
smoke from a fire that you would see. It was
like a white vapor that it was coming out the
back and that it was clearly in distress. And I
was like well how do you know it's in distress?
They were like it was struggling to stay in the
air. But they said had the animals or the farmers,
the two farmers, had the animals not made
a ruckus at 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning,
they would have not even heard it or known it
was there. It was absolutely silent and they were
expecting it to hit the ground. the two farmers.
Um and um and then there was another gentleman uh
Fabio Fertada at that farm and he said that that
it was make like it like it was over his house and
he was there with one other person at night and he
said that it was making a w sound like it was kind
of in trouble and then it landed on his farm. It's
the first time we got that testimony and that's
like over here and then you know the object was
seen here and here and then it crashed right in
the middle. Um and then uh there was a gentleman
by the name of Carlos Dza and he was an ultralight
pilot and he was also a his geography professor
in Sa Paulo and he was going up to go ultralight
flying with his friends early in the morning
on January 13th and he sees and he's a pilot
himself. He sees this object, this cigar- shaped
object with a gash in the back, just like everyone
else described that was struggling to stay in the
air. And he never once thought alien. He was like,
"That must be some sort of weird experimental
craft. Maybe was government or air force,
whatever. It's it's in trouble. It looks like it's
going down." So, it's really early in the morning.
He turns off the freeway and he goes up to this
place called the Molini Farm. It was a dirt road
and he goes up there and he sees it struggling
to stay in the air and then it just goes boom
and hits the ground. He's like, "Oh my god, the
thing just crashed. They need help." Wow. A is it
a
wow.
So he went up to the actual impact site which was
like a debris field bigger than a football field
maybe two football fields with debris everywhere.
Half of the craft was still intact and then the
other half was just gone like just debris bits
everywhere. got out of the car and he's looking
at it just and again never once did he think alien
didn't even enter his his consciousness, right?
And um he said he's looking at it like these
little bits everywhere and he goes the smell like
it pulled the he was like it's rotten eggs and
ammonia. He grabbed his shirt and kind of pulled
his shirt over his mouth said my god the smell is
so dense. She immediately smelled ammonia. It was
like rotten eggs. A very strong odor. I had to
cover my nose with the shirt I was wearing. And
there was like kind of a liquid that you described
cuz I was asking like an acid or some sort of
liquid everywhere that causing the grass and stuff
to burn. And um you said it was acid, maybe an
acid or something. Yeah. Like some kind of liquid.
And um that caused he was talking about the grass
was kind of was affected by it. And um actually if
you when we flew the drone over that exact alleged
impact site, you can see it's different. The the
ground looks different in that zone than it does
all around it. I mean, it really does. Yes. And
um he picked up one of the pieces and he said it
was like aluminum. Really light. Like you couldn't
feel it. Very much like the Roswell people. Always
what you hear. Yeah. And he said that he could
crumple it up really light. Like you could barely
feel it in your hands. And then when he released
it, it it regained its shape. It's the same thing
as what Jesse Marcel said. That's what he said.
Yeah. It was weightless. He couldn't feel that you
had anything in your hands. And then he goes he
goes then all these military trucks started coming
in from uh the military base Eza from the opposite
direction which actually just a few months ago we
were there and I took the drone way way up in
the sky and pointed it straight down and you
could see where the Eza military base the route
that Eza would come in from. and he came in from
the freeway on the opposite side. And that's when
he was he was threatened at gunpoint. He didn't
see anything. Get out of here. He was like, I was
just trying to help. Like, you know what? What's
the problem? You know, I'm just trying to help.
I'm not you know, and that's when he start things
got really weird. And then he got into his car and
he left and he stopped at a gas station just a few
miles down the road to have a coffee and just kind
of gather himself. And that's when an unmarked
vehicle showed up and they knew who he was,
his name, his wife, his address, his daughter,
like all everything about him. Two men approached
me, dressed in black suits, all perfectly aligned,
very tall individuals. They stood right next to me
and asked me, "Are you Mr. Carlos Dusa, married to
so and so? Your daughter soando?" They described
my entire life story right there. I turned to
the man and asked, "Who? Who are you? What do
you want to know? How do you know all this?
It was perfectly clear to me. Listen,
you didn't see anything. You just shut
your mouth and you leave. If anyone ever asks
you anything at all, you didn't see anything.
You don't know a thing or else things will get
no supposed really weird for you. All right. So,
just get out of here. I was at
that moment completely startled.
It was a black or a very dark blue opala almost
black and without a license plate they got in and
drove away. They vanished. That's that's crazy
because it's a level of counterintel response
times. in 96 in 1996 and they they somehow know
everything about your family and it's right after
you witness a a crashed craft and you drive a
few miles away. Yeah. And they somehow are able
to apprehend you there. Yep. Like the car that
stopped had no plates. Did they have an accent
or was it said they were very tall and they had
suits and uh they spoke Portuguese and you know
sometimes there'll be one person speaking
Portuguese and there'll be a couple other
people that'll just be silent in the background
and that's that happened in the case of uh Louisa,
the mother of the two girls that came in direct
contact with the alleged alien. Um and she's like
they they were foreigners. Like how do you know?
Well, they didn't say anything but they looked
like foreigners and the money was foreign. It
was like American dollars in a briefcase. And
um and he said that they were very intimidating.
They said, "You don't you didn't see what you you
know, you didn't see that you're there and
if you ever talk about it, things are going
to get very weird for you. Not that we're going
to hunt you down and kill you. They're going to
get very weird for you." Which is kind of spooky.
It's you know what I mean? Do you think they were
maybe like the proverbial men in black? Well, I
you know, it's so funny because I'd heard about
these so-called men in black stuff dating back
to the to the '90s when I was investigating and
I was like I investigated the Phoenix Lights case
and and a lot of the witnesses hate when you say
Phoenix Lights. They're like, "Wasn't a bunch
of lights. It was a massive craft, you know,
like I can see the compartments. It flew right
over my Yeah. The governor has now admitted is
real." And Kurt Russell saw while he was flying
his plane with his son. He said he could land his
airplane on or something. There you go. Yeah.
So, we're going into Phoenix and uh there's
these bank of lights, six lights in the shape of
a triangle going back right over the airport. So,
I was investigating that case and I was working
with a woman who was the council woman Francis
Emma Barwood and um I was interviewing her and
of course I was going after the governor but at
the time I wasn't getting any traction with that
and I was interviewing all the witnesses and and
uh there was one guy uh a Vietnam vet and he
contacted Emma Francis Barwood one of the few
elected officials council woman that that
was willing to hey all she said was, "Let's
investigate what happened, what these people saw."
Like, let's just, you know, she was lamb based in
the press. Oh my gosh. You can go see. They were
making fun of her. This guy reached out to her,
and I know this cuz I was investigating at the
time. I was in touch with her, and he said,
"Hey, um, I understand you want to know more about
this crap. I I'm a Vietnam vet. I was on my roof
that night trying to get a a video on a tripod of
hellbob comment because the hellbob was over the
sky, you know, and um and I have a a CB radio and
I was listening to the truckers come up Interstate
10 from Tucson and they were all describing this
massive boomerang shaped craft and I realized,
[__] this thing's coming right my way. So he
he said, "I I I was all set up with a tripod and
a camera and I filmed it going right over the top
of my house. Got great footage. Would you like to
see it?" She's like, "Yeah, I'd love to see it."
So, uh, they make arrangements where he was going
to drop it off at her office. I don't know if
it was later that day or the very next morning
or that night, two men roll up in a unmarked
government vehicle and suits and he's like,
he goes, "They were very intimidating to look
at me and they were like in these dark suits. It
was really hot and uh, the only thing they really
asked me was, you know, they said they were from
France." They they're like, "We're from Francis
Emma Barwood's office. We're here to pick up the
And he was like, "Oh, I was going to drop it
off, but I guess I don't have to." And he said,
"The only question they asked is, uh, did they
make did he make any copies?" And he said,
"No, I didn't." And so they took the they took
the footage and left. And a couple days go by,
he doesn't hear from Emma. So he calls her up. He
goes, "Hey, what did you think of the footage?"
She goes, "What do you mean, what did I think of
the footage? I didn't get the footage." He goes,
"Well, you had two men from your office
show up." She goes, "I didn't send anybody
around." So that was like the first time that I
really heard about these so-called men in black.
That was in the '9s. Yeah. No, this is made fun
of movie. Exactly. But but but Richard Dolan, you
great UFO researchers write about this phenomenon
happening time time and time and time again. You
you have another example uh which you cover in uh
the phenomenon or I think in the program actually
two witnesses were out hiking. They then saw a
large diamondshaped craft hovering. It didn't
move. It just hovered in the air without making
any any noise. The witnesses looked at this for
a while and one of them had a camera. When the jet
came along, they sort of stuck the camera out from
behind the bush and snapped six frames. the the
two witnesses that took the photographs took like
six prints, five prints, like color, points
of reference, broad daylight, two witnesses,
military jet in the background. Like, it doesn't
get much better than that. Mhm. And he was like,
these men in black rolled up. They were
having their cigarette break. They were [__]
spooks. They were men in black and they stood
outside in the pissing rain speaking to them.
So any case, when I got to the Fargi case with the
men in black, I was like, "Oh my god, these guys."
Again, I'd heard I could give you I could go go
on for 5 hours, but it doesn't matter. My point
is I went all in on that. Yeah. And I did cover a
little bit with the 1966 uh Westall UFO incident,
the landing, when I got a hold of Mr. Greenwood,
the the science professor. That's a whole story
about how I got him to go on camera. I remember
when I arrived in Australia, all the seasoned
you UFO researchers were like, "Don't even
bother. You know, this guy will never come
forward. We've been trying for 50 years." I said,
"Just get me in the room with him." And there's a
great story behind how that whole thing goes. But
he talks about these guys, the intimidation. They
showed up at his door. They're in suits like, you
know what I mean? Some unmarked government agency
threatening him like putting the the fear of God
in this guy. And yeah, so if you talk to Richard
Dolan about who the Men in Black are, he seems
to think OSI. No. Well, this is really trippy.
He thinks it's like counter intel on behalf of
the NHI or the aliens or the ETSs because if you
if you think about it the level of rapid response
the ability to show up and like you know kind of
know everything about like it's either like in
1996 we had way more of like like think about
199 1996 the the consumer internet wasn't really a
thing like you know who knows how much information
the government like maybe the US government had
a lot of information on its citizens but did they
have information on a citizen of Ar Virginia on a
you know this guy who's a pilot in Virginia and a
and a geography teacher in Sa Paulo probably not
you know and then the ability to show up a couple
hours after he had seen this crash craft so Dza
did he see any beings with the cra he just saw
the the crash just saw the craft and I asked him I
said it was the was the the section that was still
intact. Was it big enough to have people Oh, yes.
He said no question. Now, uh did he see inside it?
Not that I'm aware of. Okay. Yeah, I didn't ask
him that question. That's a good question. Yeah.
I think if he had seen inside, he would have told
me, but he said there was a se it wasn't there for
very long, but just a few minutes. But the section
was intact that was still there and it was about
half half the size of what it was when it hit when
it impacted. 7 days after SAS witnessed the crash,
Kuber Lada leaves this gym when he and several
friends see two military trucks driving into town.
They follow them through the neighborhood and come
upon a military blockade. We tried to force our
way through and they raise their rifles, their
weapons. Did you get did you all feel scared at
that moment on that day? The only time I felt fear
was when the so in uh when the soldier raised his
rifle because until then I had never seen such a
large weapon and no one had ever pointed a gun in
my direction, you know. And you have some reason
to believe that two or three beings came out and
that and one of the beings and you have you have
the that you have the mayor on record testifying
to this. The mayor's nephew's girlfriend was one
of the three girls that saw one of the beings. The
news has just arrived at this very moment. Dgeras
have spotted some kind of creature up there close
to the Marakon gymnasium just around the corner
from the military blockade. Three young girls had
an encounter of the third kind. The sisters
Valkyria, who is 14 years old, and Lilian,
who is 16 years old, are also very frightened.
It's the first time they've come back to this very
place since Saturday, January 20th. That strange
round thing. Wow. It was incredibly strange. And
it had these things like horns right on its head.
Its skin was brown. And it looked like it had
some some kind of oil all over its body. It had a
huge foot. and its eyes were super wide and red.
And then I think you have some reason to believe
that one of the beings made its way over the hill
and possibly towards the water and then was
captured with a net. Is that right? Yeah,
that was the fire department earlier. That's
why I keep I keep thinking because that one
was alive because we have testimony of someone
that was in the area when it was it was in a net.
They captured it with a net like they would with
a wild animal or something like that. And but it
was screaming like a little baby. That's what
they say. Screaming like a child. Screaming
like a child. Yeah. The fire department was
dispatched to this location after receiving
several calls from concerned residents who
reported seeing something strange in the area.
First of all, I'd like to take a quick
moment to acknowledge all the Brazilian
UFO researchers that have done a stellar job
helping expose this story. Cladio Kovo, Pakuchini,
Uber Dejada Rodriguez, Marco Pati, AJ Gavard, I
mean these guys that came before us, you know,
um Marco Leal's been been on it for
over 20 years, my partner. He's amazing.
Um, and the persistence of of of of all of
them and Marco and I knocking on doors like
going downtown putting up signs like leading us
to people like I just want to give one example
of how we got to the girls cuz the girls are
like this is not a career-enhancing move for
these girls in a small town to be talking
about. They got made fun of, ridiculed,
laughed at. Like their life was a living hell. Men
in black showed up at their mom's house. And they
got offered cash to retract their statements and
they did not. They did not. And the mother said,
"I will not have my daughters are not liars. That
will not that will not happen." That's right. They
were very intimidating to her. And like so all
this pressure and all this, you know, but I I
was there with I was in Virginia. I'm gonna say it
was my second or third time. And it was probably
2012 would be my guess. And I was doing a silly TV
show, which I'm not proud of at all. My bad, but
whatever. It got me to where I am now, I guess.
And I was from National Geographic. Oh god, it was
so bad. Sorry, guys. And And we were out wandering
in the in the jungle at night and I got bit by a
spider. Oh. And it was like midnight or something.
She had no business out. So silly. I got bit by a
spider and by the fang marks, it looked like it
could have been a Brazilian wandering spider,
which is deadly. They get me to this clinic and
they had to do an antivenenom and I was up all
night getting this drip feed. And then the next
day I didn't get any sleep and the camera crew,
the whole team, they were like, "We're going here
and we got this scheduled." And I was like, "I've
been up all night, man. Like I I I'm on camera TV
talent and you guys are expecting I I was like at
the very least I need to stop at a cafe and get a
get a a juice cuz like Brazil is known for having
incredible juice, right? Fresh juice. I love it.
Mango, papaya, whatever." And they were like,
"No, no, no. We don't have time. and we don't
have time. And and I was like, I you know, I
and the car was stopped. The van that I was in was
stopped at a stoplight and I just opened the door
and got out. I was like, you guys leave without
me. I'm not I need some juice. I need something.
I need something to nourish me. So, I walked into
this random like cafe juice bar and I'm in there
ordering and uh this guy's looking at me and I
think he said something in English like, "Hey, are
you what are you are you American?" I was like,
"Yeah, what are you what are you doing here?"
And I was like, "Oh, I'm kind of working with a
TV show, you know, covering the Var the 1996 Varia
incident." He goes, "Oh my gosh, I dated one of
the girls." I said, "Really?" And uh we're trying
to reach them. We're trying to find them. And
he goes, "Let me hang on." Takes his phone out.
Boom. Gets her on the phone. Hey, what's it going
to take? And that's how we first met. Whoa. And
so had I not been bitten by the You know what I
mean? Like the way it all went down. Yeah. I know.
That's crazy. Really crazy, right? The creature
was there and we just came by this way. I didn't
realize that's closer than I expected. It's like 8
ft away and he was absolutely sweltering, sweating
profusely and it was incredibly hot. And so he was
uh going through it, you know, suffering from the
intense heat, the scorching sun and the effect it
had on his skin. Remember I said, "Hey everyone,
look over there." Then he turned, I saw his eyes
and I immediately ran away. So when he turned,
we could only see his eyes and what looked
like a slit, but we couldn't really tell if
he had a normal mouth like ours or something else
entirely. When they locked eyes with this being,
what were they thinking? Well, it wasn't a
human that we saw, honestly. It wasn't an
animal either. And so these days, I truly
believe it's a being from another planet.
back then, you know, we were always in
pause. We were children of Catholic parents,
right? Pause. And that it could be a demon. So
that's why we ended up being afraid back then,
you know. So the three girls run to her house and
they say, "We saw this creature. We might have
been the devil." Or whatever it was. And they
do they do they get in the car and drive here?
Do they walk here? How did they get here? And
what did they see when they got here? She said,
"Let's go there in the pickup truck." And I told
her, "I'm not going. I'm too scared. I won't
come back." Then Louisa asked, "Please, won't you
come with me?" So, I finally got into the pickup
truck and we came back. We ended up stopping
right here. Look, in that very spot, I saw the
creature's track its foot. I will never forget
it. I swear to God. Oh, I'm still trembling.
Do you want to see one toe, then another long toe,
and then another toe like this look smaller? Yes.
Roughly 3 hours after the girls witnessed the
strange creature, military police officers Eric
Lopes and Marco Cherzi drive down this road on
the lookout for something unusual when suddenly
it runs right across their path. These military
personnel exited the vehicle. Uh these soldiers,
but most notably Marco Hizer uh wrestled
with this creature to bring it under control.
It was captured by March with his bare
hands easily and taken to the hospital.
So what happens is Marco Sharesi, who's
this soldier, apprehends this alien being,
grabs him. Yep. Brings him into the vehicle,
right? Yep. No hesitation. Puts him on puts it
on his lap. It's so wild. And then he ends up with
this gnarly bacterial infection. And I don't want
to get too too into the details because Chris
Ramsay is going to do an amazing follow-up with
you kind of which double clicks on this autopsy.
But you have the autopsy of this soldier who's
died because he basically grabbed an alien being
and and it shows bacteria. Yeah. You the guy the
founder of the company IPD and you could get the
it's an acronym, but the founder of the company,
Dr. Janini, and the guy that did the autopsy
on the deceased military officer, Dr. Armando,
um participated on camera for this cut of the
movie. Yeah, it's amazing. You have the the
found you have the the guy who provided the
the report and all the infrastructure for the
report. The one who founded the company and the
guy who founded the company and and and the the
autopsy guy both saying and they're using words
like you get goosebumps and and then they're the
ones speculating that the that the claw from the
ET must have punctured the skin. And it's like he
said the bacteria most likely came from the under
the nail of the ET, which didn't mean to like it
wasn't like an evil ET that tried to kill this
guy. He just like accidentally in the process of
grabbing it, he got a little scratch right under
his armpit. Based on the circumstantial evidence
that has come to my attention, it was a very
distinct and deliberate scratch on Zerz's skin,
clearly inflicted by ET. I truly believe he was a
victim of of Vit's nail, you know, his sharp claw.
Why was it so resistant? What biochemical gain did
it possess to completely escape the antibiotics?
It just sailed through destroying everything
in just one week. That's very, very atypical.
Yeah, I won't go into detail about it, but
basically never before and never since. Yeah,
they've never seen anything like this bacteria.
This is was an advanced bacteria that did things
that nothing on Earth, no bacteria on Earth does.
And you see them in the movie saying that. It's
like incredible. And it's not anonymous. They're
not doing this anonymously. Neither is the
neurosurgeon. Yeah. Neither is the neurosurgeon.
And he's still working at the hospital today.
When we first started selling merchandise at
americanalchemymerch.com, we had no idea how
complicated and annoying selling merch could
be. We talked to a dozen different platforms
and companies comparing shipping tools, payment
options, website builders, and it all felt like
way more of a headache and complicated than it
should be. We decided on Shopify, and within days,
our store was up. Everything was running cleanly
in an automated way, so we could just focus on the
brand and the vision we had for it. That's when
it hit us. Ideas don't scale on inspiration alone.
They need a structure, a container. Shopify
provides that structure. It quietly powers
millions of creators and brands, about 10% of all
United States e-commerce. From big names like Gym
Shark and Mattel to solo creators building from
their bedrooms, Shopify made it simple to build
a store that actually feels authentic to us,
which matters when your brand lives in a niche
like alternative tech. UFOs or fringe science.
And when you have a very clear brand vision,
plus their AI tools help write descriptions,
organize products, even clean up photos,
so we can focus on what matters and what we
care about. Building the best custom merch
line possible with the coolest designs like
our UFO cowboy te and the atomic age t. Plus,
Shopify handles all of the unglamorous, more
painful stuff. Shipping, returns, email marketing,
all in one clean dashboard. It's like having a
silent partner who never sleeps. Our favorite
part of the product is the dashboard, which gives
us complete demographic information. We can see
where our orders come from, making it easy to
know who our most loyal, consistent customers
are around the world. That's just one example, but
Shopify really makes your life easier. Bring your
next idea to life with Shopify quietly handling
everything behind it. Sign up for your $1 per
month trial and start today at shopify.com/jesse.
Again, that's shopify.com/jessej ssse for a $1 a
month trial. It's just $1 a month to try Shopify,
the state-of-the-art solution in e-commerce. And
they tried to suppress this report and Marco
Sharesi's sister who tried to get Yes. basically
had to sue them and rest the out of them. The wife
couldn't get the the the autopsy report from her
husband. That's crazy. And she was like pregnant
at the time. It's horrible. You know, yeah. God,
that was one thing that Dr. Roger Lear, thank
you Dr. Roger Lear for tracking down the 2002.
After a protracted legal battle, the family
finally received the death certificate. It
was produced by IPD Laboratory, the Institute
of Prevention and Diagnostics in Virginia.
All the witnesses that claim that
Marco Terresy handled a creature,
a strange creature, it doesn't have
to be from another world. It was
a strange creature. He gets some unknown
infection. You did everything you could to
save him and he died. Do you believe that
there's some credibility to that story?
for
define Martyr. the sister of the deceased military
officer, Marco Shrezy. They she'd gone off. I
mean, yeah, she'd spoken publicly at the time
of the incident, year two, three, whatever,
and then just kind of people pulled back. There
was just nothing to gain and everything to lose,
like just going up against, you know, Goliath.
And uh people just want their lives back,
you know. And um and I went downtown and I was
I was talking to I would look in the downtown
plaza downtown Varia and I would look for old
people cuz I was like all right these pop you
know and I'd walk up and I was just asking and I
remember my sound guy was from Rio and he was like
he looked at me he was like dude are you insane
like what are you doing? Like I was like you know
if I have a 00001% chance I'm going for it every
time right? And so I was just going up and then I
found this one old guy and he's like, "Oh yeah, I
think I know. She moved to this location that and
we're driving around a random goose chase. We're
going to knocking on doors in random places." 3
or 4 hours later, we knock on this one door. Door
opens. There's Marcos's sister, Marta, who's like,
and I remember my sound guy looks over me. He
goes, "You're the luckiest son of a [__] I think
I've ever met." I said, "No, well, not necessarily
all luck." I was knocking on doors to find her.
And um uh her husband was very protective and he
was wearing this white wife beater and he was just
ripped and he was like standing in the background
like you give me the nod and I'm going to rip
this guy's head off like to me, right? And and she
doesn't know who the hell I am, right? Everyone's
paranoid. Like I'm some American. And I said,
"I'm here to give your your your brother justice,
to give your brother a voice." And that broke the
tension immediately. Yes. And I was like, "Okay,
let's talk." And then we and then that's how I got
in with Marta Tvarus. When her brother falls ill,
she asks about his involvement with the case.
And this is the story, the creature from outer
space. Look, this story will be a big deal. So
one So one of the beings gets captured with a
net. Yeah. The the other being So the only Yeah.
the only two really solid ones that we have,
but we have information on others, uh, up to five,
but again, I only reported on two because that was
the most concrete eyewitness testimony that we
could get our hands on. And that was one capture
in the morning by the fire department with a net.
Apparently, that one died, but that's the one that
was crying. And then the the other one which was
Marco Sharice and Eric Lopes. And it's interesting
actually cuz when you watch the movie and a lot
of people miss this when we doorstepped Eric Lopes
and a lot of people a lot of people criticize
us for that. Like how could you just doorstep
this guy? You just show up at his house. It's like
well we exhausted every other possible avenue for
decades. All the researchers had like he wasn't
talking period. And he was the the military
transport guy. He was the one driving the car when
his fellow intelligence officer, police officer,
Marco Shares, jumped out and grabbed it because
the being was in the way of went right across
the road right in front of him. Yeah. And it was
just a couple blocks away from where the girls
had seen this creature just two hours earlier and
Eric Lopes said, "I will deter you with bullets
or something like he threatened you." He said he'd
shoot you. But before he said that, he's like, "If
you're here to talk about the ET, he he he won't
talk." He referred to himself in the third person.
It's kind of like It's kind of like the police
showing up at your door at a party and you know
and you answer the door, you see the police
and you go, "There's no drugs in this house."
It's like the police like, "I didn't ask you
about any drugs, but now that you mention it,
it's interesting." You know, he said,
"If you're here to talk about the ET,
something like if you're here to talk about the
ET, he won't talk." Yeah. Yeah. We didn't even
say anything yet. We have said hello. So well
that plus threatening to shoot you I think is
you know not a normal reaction. He's like they
he he brought the ET up. We didn't bring the
ET up. He did. Yeah. So it's like read between
the lines there. Tacid admission of something.
Yeah. And and and when I when I was standing there
trying to make sense of what was going on cuz it
was like everything was happening really quickly
and they were talking, you know, and like I speak
French and I speak a little Spanish and I could
really like when I'm in the field, I really want
to understand what's being said. Even when I was
in China, I was like learning Chinese. Like I I
just I have to be able to communicate. So I I can
I have this level of focus where I really try. But
these things were happening really quickly. He
was making threats, I guess, about shooting me
and shooting everybody else, even there was a
10-year-old kid there. And I'm looking in the
eyes of this guy, and he's up, he's like up in a
window on the second floor looking down at us. And
he's got something in one hand, and I don't know
what if he had a gun or what, whatever he had,
but he's military intelligence. He's P2,
like he probably doesn't have any problem,
you know? I'm sure he's armed with the teeth. But
I'm looking in his eyes and and and I hear all
this commotion going around me. But I had a moment
where time almost stopped and I looked into this
guy's eyes and I I just saw eyes of someone that
I've never I never seen before because like they
look so griefstricken. They looked so sad. Like
I was just like I it's like time stopped and I'm
looking in this guy's eyes and I've never seen
eyes like that before. Like if you can imagine
harboring or witnessing a murder or something
really intense and then having to be quiet
about it because maybe your family's threatened or
your life's threatened or who knows what. Like and
you had to harbor that for the better part of 30
years. Like the toll that would take on you. Well,
you you see it even even you hear it with with
what he says to you in the movie and you and
you sense that he's been threatened, his family's
been threatened, and that he probably feels like
kind of half a man or something like he's been,
you know, he's been submitted uh through force.
So, Eric Eric won't talk. What What just happened?
I'm trying. What happened? Is that Eric Lopez? Who
is that? Yeah, Eric Lopez. That's Eric Lopez.
He doesn't want to talk at all. Terina. Termin.
Let's go. Oh my god. That was Eric Lopez. Briada.
Just saw him. Oh yeah. Yay. What happened? Okay.
Okay. We'll go talk. Did you get him, Dave? Did
you get him? Please tell me you got him. [__]
That was Eric Lopez. [__] God. You get him in
the window. Yeah. [__] If that guy had nothing
to hide, he would have just said so. That guy was
driving the car. Yeah. That Marco Trezy was in.
We received an unexpected request for a meeting
from the chief neurosurgeon at Hospital Regional,
the same hospital where military police
officers Marco Shereice and Eric Lopes
allegedly had taken the live alien they'd
captured on the road. Dr. Italo Venturelli,
the head neurosurgeon at Hospital Regional,
was on duty in the ICU when he had the most
extraordinary encounter of his life. In this
room or which room? This room right here.
Was alive in this bed right there. So he saw
he saw the creature right there was right there
watching the video on the surgery. His eyes they
were like a teardrops red much redder especially
right here you know and he was well partially
covered he was right here you know but he was
he was still alive he looked at the in the eyes
of the creature yes in this bed in this in this
bed and what what did the creature say to you
I saw the red eyes his face was white his eyes
were red and he wasn't showing any suffering
at all now if there was perh Perhaps a possible
telepathic communication. Yes. Yes. Right there
you see as if to say you know something like I'm
perfectly fine. I've been well looked after. He
said yes for sure. A communication as someone
would say yes I am okay. I've received care.
That's what he felt from the the expression
of the being to speak without speaking. It
spoke without smiling. According to Dr. Itala,
a being underwent a procedure by his colleague,
fellow neurosurgeon Dr. Marcos Venio Neves, who
died in 2018 of a heart attack. The other primary
witness was his partner, uh, fellow neurosurgeon
who was slightly below him, Marcos Vinesis. And
Marcos Vinesis, uh, there's a lot to that story
as well. Um, he had a heart attack in 2018. He
didn't survive and he passed and he did surgery
on he did a little he did a procedure on the bean.
Yes. Yes. Yeah. I know. That's so And and so he he
died in 2018 after 2018. Yes. And Venturelli um he
said he was face to face with this being and and
what did he what did he describe as far as that
interaction? He said that this is incredible. It's
hard to kind of wrap my mind around it. you know,
it's like I've had very I've only had a couple of
um cases where I'm almost kind of pinching
myself during filming. One of them was with
the former governor of Arizona, F. Simington, when
he confessed after 10 years that he had not only
um believed about the Phoenix Lights case, but
that he too was a witness to the event and then
he looked into it and and he he as a pilot in the
Air Force, he said that thing could not have been
from here. And I said, "How did you know that,
Governor?" And he goes, "Because of its size
and its flight characteristics, it couldn't have
been from here. It had to be otherworldly is how
he put it. And that was a moment in my career
where I honestly, and I'm not just making this
up. I remember sitting in my chair and I'm going,
did did the governor of of Arizona just say that
he too saw it and that he looked into it and
he felt it was other worldly? And I'm like,
I think I must be dreaming. And so I'm like
pinching my I I literally grabbed my leg and
I pinched it and and I was like, no, I I feel
that I'm not I'm not dreaming. Then I said,
"I bet the cameras aren't rolling." So I looked
over at the camera to see if the, you know, and
then when we were with Dr. Itelo, the neurosurgeon
in regional hospital that he just snuck us in the
back gate like, you know, with all cameras rolling
and the audio guys and everything and then he
starts talking about like this is the bed, this
is the ICU. I was like, "Holy [__] this guy's
just going full Komodo." Like he's just saying the
hell with it. Whatever the consequences, this is
what happened. I was here. I sat with it in this
bed right here in this room for 3 to four minutes.
After several minutes of interaction with the
being in this exact ICU at Hospital Reginal,
Dr. Retalo told us the military burst in and
took the being, then threatened the hospital
staff to remain silent. Ask him how it feels
to be sharing this information after 29 years.
Excuse me.
So this is you have a neurosurgeon who's you know
again extremely credentialed. Everything to lose
nothing to had some health scares and giving you
this testimony and he freaks out. He's going to
lose his job. He ends up giving you the testimony
in the cafe. His his good friend had done surgery
on the being, a procedure, Marcos Vinesis. Marcos
Vinesis. Did he say anything about that surgery?
Because what is surgery like on an alien being? So
apparently it was uh and and I'm not qualified to
do you know I'm not a neurosurgeon but from what
I understand is that there was swelling from head
trauma and that he had released the pressure by
putting I guess they do a little hole or something
like that where it releases the pressure. It was
something like that. It was a procedure to release
the Uhhuh. from a head trauma. See I would imagine
it was maybe something to do with the accident. I
I don't know. But no, but no, but that that is
that sort of satisfies like if I were to throw
any sort of skepticism at this, it would be um you
know, how are you dealing with alien organs? Like
what do you don't really know what to do, you
know, but if it's just a like a head pressure,
you know, release or something that that makes
some sense to me. Could have been head How did
he protect himself from the bacteria if he's doing
was he was he just like who's in the ICU? Everyone
in the ICU has full protective gear on. Yep.
Yep. Cuz we even just to walk in with no patient,
we had to put all the gear on. You can't go into
the ICU without it. Y you got face masks, gloves,
everything, apron. And and it was probably
with Marcos Teresi. Um there was probably
some interaction with his blood cuz he there was
a maybe a a punctured wound or something. And so,
you know, I wish like hell Marcos Finesis hadn't
died for so many reasons. I mean interviewing a
guy who's done surgery on an alien being
I know it's really frustrating. However,
we have not given up. Like I said, by
the time your audience watches this,
I'd already been back and we have a huge meeting
with all the doctors. As many as we can get. So,
have you talked to his family at all? Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. Marcus Vinesis. Oh, Marcos Vinesis's
daughter. Marcos Vinesis's he had a mistress and
he had a he had a kid with the mistress. We we
we talked with the the wife and um did they all
say that? No, they were very guarded. Okay. But
not like no it didn't happen like okay well you
know like guard what you come in as outsiders to
a place. It takes a while like like it took when
the film came out and that was actually one of
the reasons why the the the police officer he's
like you're doing a serious investigation. And
one of the reasons why I'm talking to you
is you you're investigating something that
I participate in. Like you you clearly are taking
this seriously. I'm I'm I'm providing a platform.
We are providing a platform for people to come
forward and not be ridiculed, not be laughed at,
taken seriously and like you know kind of like
first time in decades, right? So they're seeing
this is a real effort to really get the truth
out and it's power in numbers, you know, and
um um and again I I I think this is the beginning
of the beginning on this case. I I I believe that
I mean this is an extremely compelling like new
account, new cut of the of the case, but I think
it's going to get better. Yeah. Well, I think if
you believe that, that's going to determine the
outcome because you're the prime mover of a lot
of this stuff. And I I know you've given credit,
as it's due, to many uh of these local Brazilian
UFO researchers. Uh but I think as far as mass
exposure, you are you are helping them, you know,
really get this thing out. You keep going back.
And so I really admire that. If this were a court
case, you would have an overwhelming amount of
evidence that something happened. Whatever the
thing is that you're trying to prove in court,
this would be far beyond the threshold of evidence
that you would need. I think we could sway any
jury. I think you could sway any jury. And so
the vent rally thing is just fascinating. You
you end up in a cafe with him. Yeah. He gets very
emotional. He starts crying because clearly he's
held this in for 29 years. 29 years. And can you
imagine the weight of that on your shoulders? No,
I can't. And you're watching all this speculation.
And you're watching all this conjecture, all this
media coverage, the debunking going on from the
military, like excuse me, the witnesses, you know,
adamantly saying, you know, this is what I saw,
particularly those the three girls, you know,
and then knowing that you sat in the hospital
room in the ICU with a live captured alien and
had direct telepathic communication face to face.
Face to face, man. Eye to eye. Doesn't get any
more incredible than that. Like, as someone who's
been around the world, Yeah. interviewed people
like you know you have close encounters of the
third kind you know where people claim you know
entities connected to a craft that's in the wild
I mean it happened in Rua that happened in Sakoro
um you know lots of cases in China you know all
around the world but that's like people seeing a
landed craft and seeing entities connected
allegedly to the craft and that's close
thrift but to actually have an alien alleged
alien in captivity and having direct contact,
direct communication. He said, "You look into the
eyes of this creature and despite the fact that
it was in captivity, it had control of the whole
room." Usually the person experiencing the thing
is kind of discreditable. Often they live in,
you know, somewhere in the woods or something.
The interaction occurs in some remote place and
it's just this kind of inherently ephemeral thing
where you have to take their word for it. I
would actually say those people are sort of
more trustworthy in some ways than like you know
uh often people who are kind of insidery types or
whatever. But in this case you have a person whose
credentials are unimpeachable. He runs a chain of
hospitals. He you know people are are their lives
are on the line. Works on people's brains. Works
on people's brains. He's a neurosurgeon. He's
a concert pianist. And you know, clearly all
of the incentives go in the direction of him not
revealing any of this stuff. And because he's had
a couple of life life-threatening illnesses
and scares, he comes out and speaks to you.
What does he say about his interaction with the
being? The being was very calm and it was it was
uh it had sort of acquiesced to being in captivity
and it was very calm and that it was it was okay
that it it wasn't suffering, it wasn't in pain.
Um and he said when he looked into the eyes of it,
it read his mind like it could just read all
of his thoughts. He's like it was an advanced
intelligence. And I kept saying like, "What do
you mean by that?" He goes, "There's nothing
here on earth like it." He called it like an
angel. And it was it was um compassionate,
caring, like an advanced intelligence. And I said,
"Explain that." He goes, "Way more advanced than
anything on earth. Way more advanced than than
myself. Just way beyond." and that you and he
said one of the last things he said was there's
so much to learn from the eyes of that being
we have so much to learn in the eyes of this
being just looking into the eyes and it's just
amazing to think you know think about that
and you know you hear other cases in the wild
where people talk about you know looking
in the eyes of the creature ru Zimbabwe
you know, Sakor, New Mexico. I remember the wife
of Lonnie Zamora looking at me and she goes,
"I don't know what happened when he looked at that
creature, but he was never the same." Like the
there's some communication that occurs with the
eyes. And that's exactly what he said. He said,
"There's so much to learn from them." And they
were advanced, like more advanced somehow than
than human consciousness, which is And
then what did he say about the physical
characteristics? Um big big head, almond shaped
eyes. is they were red. Now, interestingly,
the skin was more white than brown. And
I don't know, this is just speculation,
but when the girls came in contact with this bean
that was most likely the same bean that he had in
the hospital because the ch like the girls saw it,
they got within 10 ft of it, it was really hot. It
was a really hot day in the summertime, January
summer over in Brazil, and it was suffering.
It was like kind of exuding some kind of weird
smell like almost like a skunk would, you know,
when it's fearful or feeling threatened or
vulnerable. But his eyes were red. His skin
was oily. I couldn't see him with an open mouth
laughing. No, not happy, but sad, hunched over,
pale and sad. And he had no hair. And and I saw
that he was frightened. Just as I was frightened,
the creature was also frightened. the des the fear
that we ourselves possess just as we became afraid
of this this being whose nature we do not know
and it was suffering and the girls said it was
suffering in fact when when all three girls came
into contact with that creature two of them the
two sisters grabbed each other by the hand and
hightailed it out of there and they realized they
had left Katya behind Katya was the oldest she was
probably 21 and um and Vyia and Liliani, the two
sisters stopped and realized, shoot, we got to go
back and get Katya. And Katya was locked eyes with
this creature. And uh it was pleading to her cuz
I asked Katya, what was it saying? It was like,
I need help. And it was suffering. I need help.
It wanted help. And I just thought, my gosh,
can you imagine how different would have been
if they'd gone with if the girls had taken the
creature and and hidden or you know, who knows,
like given it aid or whatever. Anyway, the girl
uh Lilani Katya stayed behind. The youngest, she
was like maybe 14. Liliani was 16. Katya was 21.
Uh Lilani ran back and grabbed Katya and yanked
her out of there. And then the reason why we're
pretty sure that that's the same being that uh
Dr. Italo had uh direct telepathic communication
with in captivity is because we did all aerial
photography of the area. And if you look at where
the girls came in, counter it, like late afternoon
with the creature, just a few blocks away is where
the capture occurred. It had to be the same being.
It was just literally two blocks away from where
the um two military officers, Marco Shares and
Eric Lopes, captured the creature around 6:00,
something like that, about 2 hours later, two two
and a half. And then they took it to one little
um clinic and apparently the doctor came out and
took one look in the back seat and there was you
know Marco Sharice military officer with this
creature on his and he's like I don't know what
that thing is but get it out of here. So then they
went to regional hospital and that's where it was.
So it makes perfectly good sense. He knew that
that creature went to regional and so it went
it when the women saw it, it was like brown or
darker. And then when he saw it, it was somehow
wider. It was it was more of a white big red eyes
just like the girls described. The little ridges
on the on the forehead just like that. Spindly
arms, same height, same exact body structure,
everything exactly the same, but the skin was more
white. And do you think it was because it had was
emitting the ammonia or sulfur? Cuz both everybody
says that it was smelled like rotten eggs. It was
ammonia or sulfur or some some sort of smell. She
immediately smelled ammonia. It was like rotten
eggs. A very strong odor. I had to cover my nose
with the shirt I was wearing. I couldn't stand
the smell that was right here inside my nose. It
lasted for about 20 days. And I have no idea where
that awful odor came from. I even went so far as
to wash my nose with alcohol and water just to
get rid of that smell. Stayed in the sin in the
sinuses for days if not weeks. And like um there
was another one which was one which was one of the
deceased ones. We interviewed a radiologist and I
think he was at regional hospital. Pretty sure it
was regional. And uh he said that the room where
the he did the performance of doing the X-rays
that stank like for they had to close that wing
of the hospital down for days and they disinfected
the whole thing and he said it took days and it
was in his sinuses. It was everywhere. Did the
smell leave? But even after being washed and
disinfected, the epidemic smell still lingered in
the ward. In fact, our sector was closed because
it couldn't accommodate external patients due
to the very strong odor. So, we're having a big
meeting in a week. Uh-huh. We're meeting with
uh pretty much all the doctors. Wow. Yeah. Some
of them, you know, at Humanitos Hospital, uh have
stories. Some of them aren't ready to come forward
just yet. Some of them might want to come forward.
But there's power in numbers, strength in numbers.
And um according to the book by Roger Lear uh
there was another creature that was alive that
went under a procedure cuz a lot of them got
hurt in the crash evidently um that also had
communication with the two doctors but they're at
heas. So we're trying to find those guys right now
and Roger Leier was contacting me. It was probably
2013 and he was like I know you're doing something
on on Virginia and I got to talk to you. I got
to talk to you. I said yeah we definitely got to
talk. Let me come. I got to go on camera. there's
things I need to discuss. And uh and I said I kept
like postponing and postponing. I was so busy. I
was working like 17our days. I was so busy I could
barely talk. And um he goes, "Well," he got really
angry with me. And he was like, "Well, if you're
not going to meet with me, I said, "Oh, Dr. Leer,
Roger, I it's not that I don't want to meet with
you. I just I I don't have the bandwidth right
now." And he goes, "Well, look, take my tapes."
Gives me his tapes. And I don't know how much time
went by, but I don't know. can't I I can't say uh
but I transferred the tapes, I sent them back to
him and he died. And then uh fast forward and that
was very unfortunate. Fast forward probably to 10
years I'm guessing or is making moment of contact
because I I was going to include uh Virginia in
the phenomenon and then I I just couldn't squeeze
it in. It was too there's too many moving parts.
Anyway, so when I was making the whole movie on
it, I was like, "Oh shit." I was like the the
Roger Lear tapes. So I got the tapes. He wrote a
book. got the book and the book was a transcript
transcription from the tapes because I had the
tapes and I read the book and uh but there was
one section that wasn't in the tapes that was in
the book and that was he met with two doctors from
humanitas hospital and they talk about a creature
that was also undergoing some sort of procedure
at Humanatas and then all of a sudden there's this
crazy thing that occurs in the room where there's
this communication and weird smoke and just crazy
and the communication It was basically like the
the entity saying to the doctors that we feel
sorry for you the human race because you don't
realize your potential who you really are. Really?
Yes. Which is the same message that the Zimbabwe
Yes. It's the same message where these school
children get where it's like you don't understand
how special your you are and your potential true
potential and stuff like this. So, I was like,
"Oh my gosh, if I can just get the name." And
apparently, uh, Uber Dejardo Rodriguez, who's one
of the lead investigators, a lawyer, um, who's
gone, I don't know what happened to him. Pacchini
got threatened. He disappeared for 20 years. Uber
Rodriguez, God knows what he has because he hasn't
come forward and said yet. Pacchini apparently was
shot at. Really? Yeah. He talks about it recently
cuz he disappeared for 20 years. Where's Pacini?
He said he was shot at. was shot at and he had a
gun and and he shot back. And he says he would put
his right hand on the Bible. Yes. He said he would
testify like like he would he he would put his
right hand on a Bible and he would take a public
lie detector test about there being video and
footage of this alien that he saw. I'm Victoria
Pakini. I am one of the leading investigators of
the Virginia incident since the very beginning. I
know and I saw with my own eyes an alien creature
kept in captivity in this 35 second video. It was
right there. One of the alien creatures with two
militaries holding the creature by the shoulders.
The creature was really ill, was not feeling
good at all. They tried to give the creature some
fruit and water. It didn't accept. And the reason
why they filmed this creature without superior
authorization, it's because they were pretty mad
that the American militaries were coming to Brazil
to take all these material, not only the pictures,
the footage, but the creatures itself and the
spacecraft as they took it to the United States.
So some other military's friend of mine had the
chance without authorization to make this movie.
And right now I'm willing to put my right hand
tomorrow on a Bible and take a live public lie
detector test that everything I'm telling you
is the truth. Yeah. Now he grew up in Tres Coro
which is like the region Mus where where the as
a military base is. So he knew all those people
that worked at the base they knew him. He grew
up there. So like after all the investigations
his life threatened and all the stuff that went
down he said he disappeared. I think he went to
go live with his mother or something somewhere
for 20 years. And then when Moment of Contact,
the first version came out in 2022, that's when
Pacini came back on the radar and it was like,
"Hey, you know what? I'm ready to get back in the
ring." Yeah. And and and finish this fight. And
so, yeah. So, you have you have multiple people
in the hospital system. You you've now gotten
milit military whistleblowers. You have civilian
witnesses. I have the guy that drove it. You have
the guy that drove the being. Yeah. that saw it
and drove it to say like the amount of disperate
uncorrelated sources I think is just unbelievable.
And that comes from you literally touching down in
Virginia and on a piece of paper like do you know
what happened in 1996? What does he think about
the case? Does he think it happened or it didn't
happen? Absolutely. What are your feelings on?
You have two types of people in this movie. People
who are extremely afraid and admitting what they
saw. And all of those stories line up. Everything
lines up perfectly. It all lines up perfectly.
Path of the UFO. You have all these witnesses
in these desperate, you know, places who aren't
coordinating clearly. And then so that's one type
of person. And then you have the other type of
people that are like lying through their teeth and
so obvious like the the commander at so General
Lima and he said we're in touch with him now by
the way. Oh amazing. You got you got to talk to
him because even if he lies to you know it's like
you see you see the smuggness when he he goes um
you know we were serving our country that day. Can
we get some can we get some details on like how
you served the country that day? What you did? He
said no absolutely not. And but he says it in such
a like a condescending, cynical, like I don't care
what you think sort of way and then walks away.
else.
There was another part to this when interviews
were conducted and that's when Uklides and Cal
the two young men from here traveled all the way
to the Sergeant's school of arms in Tres Corason.
Then they managed to to ask a question. Then
the sergeant went inside, came back and said,
"No, but aren't you going to say anything about
the case? Look, if you ask one more question,
you'll be arrested." We were investigating the
case at the ESA headquarters, the Sergeant School
of Arms, and I had never been arrested for doing
my job, neither before nor after this case. I was
just having a normal regular day at the barracks,
you know. Then around 9:00 in the morning, uh we
received orders, a mission to get some vehicles
ready, you know, some trucks specifically for an
important operation and that we our unit would be
deploying. We would be moving out heading directly
to the city of Virginia. We were given the order
that we should proceed to follow a number of
specific vehicles which were clearly unmarked
and definitely not military. So I followed this
uh military man you know who was from the secret
service passing through the city center near the
hospital if I'm not mistaken the regional hospital
and afterwards we went to humanitas hospital
when the instruction was given to to back
a vehicle up into Humanitas hospital.
When I was approaching the entrance, how
exactly can I express it of the hospital's
immediate surroundings? I noticed a container,
a stainless steel table with a container on it,
you know, with several doctors and other
staff members holding clipboards. Uh,
as I was analyzing, it seemed that everyone
else was also caught up in the same thing.
And when I realized I saw something
completely different, you know,
a different kind of creature with skin that was
very oily, very I described it as having a sort
of siliconike texture. And that sight really
startled me. But what truly caught my attention,
what later convinced me that it wasn't
a human being at all was its foot.
Everyone was completely taken aback by the news.
They were all incredibly incredibly surprised. We
have for the first time ever as well, we have
the police officer which had been trying to
get to him for so long. Marco Leo was going by
his house knocking on his door. He would set up
arrangements for us to meet with him. And it was
always it was like slipping between your It's like
trying to grab a bar of soap in the bathtub, you
know? It's like poo poo like you got your hand on
it but then it's like gone, you know? And that
was the the the former chief of police, Agriar,
um Pedro Agriar, and he had he had he had a
allegedly, according to people that would tracked
him down, he had a photograph of of one of the
things. But anyway, um he described the activity
at the base. He was at the base as chief of
police. He was invited in there and he said that
he described it just like everybody else. Every
single bit of testimony from separate people from
all over the area all fits perfectly. It's like
putting together a piece of puzzle, right? Not
once have we had it any other way. Like, you know,
and we're putting these pieces together. So, now
the piece we're missing is on the American side
and we want to get with Humanitas Hospital. So,
it's like ongoing. Yeah. Well, that the the chief
police says this is not a story. It's history.
Yes. And you know, you remember well. Oh, yeah.
It's a great movie and it's it's he just he said
you know this happened. I participated. He said
I participated. Absolutely. And are you at all
conspiratorial about the fact that he just died
and that you were about to go in a couple of weeks
to go see him? Oh, yeah. Again, I know. And and
allegedly he has a photo of the ETB. Yeah. Do you
think that that timing is coincidental? I mean,
anything's possible. It's very unfortunate. Was
he in good health? Do you know? I mean, he's on
You see him on camera? Yeah. And that was that was
You filmed that what? You filmed that like not too
long ago, right? knocked. So, it was really crazy
actually. It was just a couple months ago and um
we were we were going to doorstep him on the way
to Varguo and I say doorstep and just show up at
the door, right? Y and uh for some reason I was
like I want to stop and get a slice of pizza and
everyone's like we got to keep moving. It was like
5:00 or 4:30 or something. I really was really
hungry and I wanted to get a slice of pizza. So,
we stopped reluctantly. Half the crew was like,
"Oh, we got to keep moving." Blah blah blah. Well,
as it turns out, it was perfect because we the
owner of the pizza joint, you know, gave us pizza,
gave us like really good, you know, we took like
an hour and we just spent a really fun time having
pizza with the owner of this pizza joint and near
the area where we're going, but it set us back at
least at least 60 minutes, possibly 90 minutes.
Well, you know, it was a little later. Maybe it
was like 7 7:30 at that point. And we show up at
his house and they had just gotten home like 10
minutes earlier. So we would have missed him had
we not gone and stopped to get that pizza. And
uh what we did was is we you know we started
talking to him at the door. Then we went inside
and we had we had some we had audio. One of us
had audio rolling and the guy in the car outside
had you know our sound guy had a you know it was
remote transmitted back to a receiver that was
just you know the audio and then we're talking
getting to know his wife his son and then I said
would you mind if we bring a camera in here just
to kind of you know document the moment a little
bit just ease our way into it. No that that's
okay. So in comes the camera. We're all sitting
down talking and his wife, I'll never forget this
and I think I have a cut of it somewhere, but his
wife had these like her eyes were so big and like
kind of just like and her wife was looking at her
husband like like just wouldn't blink. And I'm
looking over at my cameraman Dave and I'm like,
"Are you getting, you know, she's just looking
at him like I'm thinking, does she does she have
the photograph?" Like does who, you know, I don't
know. Is she worried that we're in there probing?
Yeah. And and at one point we asked him like when
things got more comfortable and he goes, "I'm a I
participated. I'm a witness." He saw the creature
under a tarp, maybe the bottom half or something.
And then he went into as a military base, the
activity, helicopters coming and landing. He goes,
"More brass than I'd ever seen ever before." Like
there were higherups from all different corners
of Brazil all there. Maybe even implying at some
point the No, he did say the Americans came. They
came to campus. He said that too. Yeah. uh and
took the goodies. But um but uh he seemed to be
in relatively good health. I mean he you know
he doesn't look like he was going to win like
a triathlon or anything but he was in you I mean
he's in the movie. Yep. And um and he just died.
Yeah. And he might have had a photo or footage.
Yeah. Well, we talked to two witnesses. The one
of the primary reasons that led us to him were two
people that described he pulled the photograph out
and showed it and it had uh one alive, one one
deceased creature and it had uh military police
and a and fire department uh in the picture
with their faces that you know that's according
to the witnesses that we talked to. And when I
pressed him on it, I don't want to push too hard
but I definitely pressed him on it. I've got the
footage. He said, um, I like, well, when I talked
to you a couple years ago on a video Zoom call,
you conf you confessed that you had the photograph
or at one point you had the photograph, and now
you're saying you don't have the photograph. Like,
what's you know, and I really pressed him on
it. Um, what did he say? He said, "Well, there's
certain things within the police department that
have to go unsaid or something like that." Come
on, dude. Just let it out. you you you there's you
know and I feel the frustration from people out
there like oh there's not a picture there's not
a video first of all I never give up and I'm not
giving up I will never give up I'm getting closer
we are as a team are getting closer and closer and
closer and the developments that are happening
are unprecedented it's an ongoing investigation
I'm not giving up I think this is the case
that's going to blow it all out in the open
humble opinion because I can't think of a better
crash retrieval case involving the Americans
It's recent enough or most of the people are still
alive, right? Like unless you can I can't think of
a crash retrieval case with live aliens better
than Virginia. No, I think it's the best recent
case. And and um again, I think if this were a
murder case, you'd have more than enough evidence
that happened. And so like there's this, you know,
you want a smoking gun, you'd be maybe you don't
have that. But like I I bet you in the world of
deep fakes, if you've produced a photo Yeah. the
the the the goalpost would move and there'd still
be skeptics who would say, "Oh, look at the the
photo is blah blah blah. It's blurry, blah, blah,
blah, you know, unless the neurosurgeon who shot
the video came forward." So, you have providence.
That would I think that'd be pretty good. I think
that would be about as good as you can get. I
think that'd be as good as you can get. And then
it is what it is. It is what it is. Yeah. Um Jose
Fernandez is this air traffic controller. Yes.
Who what does he see? his unit was responsible for
monitoring specific airspace over the state of Sa
Paulo. Do you know anything about this case? What
I am aware of uh is that the US Air Force made a
landing in Campinas. A specific aircraft belonging
to the United States Air Force landed there in
Campinus. And following that, two helicopters
took off from the very same Campinus airport,
proceeding to an entirely unknown destination,
which we later came to understand was the city
of Virginia. They landed, collected something that
no one knows what it was, then returned to campus,
placed it inside the USF aircraft, and then they
took off. They were gone. And the mission was
what we were told was silence. So, it was really
funny actually because let's back up a little bit
by a couple of years. And I was just talking
to Louzando about this. Lou was pestering me
before I had a I had a final cut of the first
version of Moment of Contact and he was like,
"I need a copy." And little did I know about what
was happening behind the scenes. I need a copy.
I said, "Lou, it's not done." He goes, "I don't
care. I need a copy." And I said, "Okay, sure."
He goes, "If you had any idea who's watching this
right now?" And basically Lou was like, "Okay,
this case is absolutely amazing, but the air
traffic controller who talked about Usopp coming
in without any government regulations." They
didn't have government approval. UsoF is US Air
Force. Exactly. But I kept hearing UsoF and I was
like, UsoF, what's this guy talking? Oh, United
States Air Force. The acronym USAF. And um and
that was one of the aspects that that Lou really
wanted to show sh to this day he hasn't told me
exactly who's watching it but I think it was like
like maybe if there are certain restrictions on
people like Lou or Rush who knows like they could
show him the movie show that it's a compelling
case eyewitness testimony and then having the
flight control what do you call the radar control
officer the people that monitor the planes that
are coming into Brazil that's what what do
you call that air traffic control air traffic
controller okay so it would have been air traffic
controller talked about this uh you have to have
government approval to land a foreign plane coming
into you know Brazilian soil and apparently this
plane deviated from going to re uh Sa Paulo
to Geninis and and Campinus is where we know
according to all the eyewitnesses including the
guy that drove it that's where the ET went so for
to have the United States UsoF land in Campinus
makes perfectly good sense like I said earlier
all the pieces of the puzzle line up it all lines
up perfectly. Like every single person, there's
not been one conflicting testimony. There's been
a date here and there where it's like, "Oh, well,
maybe it was earlier, maybe it was later. We don't
know." But everything else lines up perfectly. And
you use the United States Freedom of Information
Act to try to get information from the Air Force.
Yes. About flight loss. You saw that? Yes. And so
and and and from the US to Virginia in 1996. And
and and what came back? Well, I tried to I tried
to cover all of our bases and uh our team we filed
a foyer and uh in in 2022, I think it was. Yeah,
probably 2022. And I forgotten about it quite
honestly cuz it's like years went by and all of
a sudden we get a response from the CIA, which
is weird. I don't know. I mean, I'm not a huge
Foya guy, but I mean CIA, like really? And it's
basically like, you know, cuz I asked for records.
I was thinking like, okay, so let's just like back
up. Let's give it like a a window of 10 days or
whatever. So, we know the incident happened. A lot
of the sightings were on the 20th of January. Why
don't we back it up a little bit? Crash a little
earlier. So, I think it was like January 13th to
say January 27, something like this just to cover,
you know, any planes that came in from the United
States Air Force. Well, it was a 10-day window,
two week window that landed in Campenis, got all
those flight records because I was talking to an
individual who for a long time was anonymous
and then he was so knowledgeable. I was like,
wow, this guy is incredible. Who are you? And he
goes, well, actually, I'm a colonel in the United
States Air Force. I was a fighter pilot, blah,
blah, blah. And he has since come forward with
us and he had a really dramatic UFO encounter in
1980 or something like that. But he was giving me
guidance on like what to ask and where to ask and
all that stuff. And um blanket statement from the
CIA basically that's like either national security
classified or exempt from FOYA because of XYZ
because of this 199 provision secrecy provision.
I can't even get a flight record. It's always a
tell too when you uh request from one agency and
then they forward it to the other agency which the
other agency would obviously have you know this
this article came out in the Daily Mail about
the Office of Global Access run under the CIA
around their rapid response you know global crash
retrieval team and um the article is amazing like
it mentions I think Doug Wolf as like the head of
the OGA and so they probably would have been in
charge of this sort of thing. So the fact that the
Air Force is forwarding this to the CIA is such a
tell. CIA runs all foreign intelligence obviously
for the US. Such a tell that they were involved
in this case. I mean it's it's it's it's honestly
funny. It's like an admission of of of you know
involvement in some ways. Uh you know I just
interviewed a guy named Dan Sherman and he wrote
a book called Above Black and uh he was cool title
amazing title insane story. He was a Air Force
electronics intelligence. All of his stuff with,
you know, his elint electronics intelligence
career lines up with like I I've I've had multiple
elint people come out after this interview I've
done with him saying this guy was definitely US
Air Force elint like like just very matter-of-act
intelligent kind of on the kind of traditional
vector of of signals intelligence. And um he said
that he was part of this secret NSA program and it
was called Project Preserve Destiny and it was
he was supposed to do this kind of continuing
elint education you know in Air Force but while
he was there he was taken to this complex this NSA
complex at Maryland and this was in 1991 or two
and he was told to drink this you know drink and
uh and then kind of hook himself up like match
the tones that he would here with these headphones
that this computer would would play and and lock
into them and that's how he would kind of gain
telepathic access to alien communication. And here
this was really interesting. Independently this
researcher foyed the air force said does you know
just asking for information about project preserve
destiny. His name is Noah Rodek. I've been know
if you're out there please confirm this because
I don't believe he mentioned Dan Sherman's name
at all. They forward the the foyer request to the
NSA. That's telling right there. Yeah. Yeah. And
the NSA of course gets back and says, you know,
we can't confirm the existence or non-existence
of this program. Didn't they say that in my
foil? It's the same thing, right? Yeah. Yeah. But
it's such the bigger tell is you have one agency
forwarding it to the other. It's like, okay, that
then the second agency was obviously involved. Why
wouldn't the agency you sent the initial thing
to just respond? Absolutely. Yeah. I got I get
I get emails all the time. People reaching
out on all the various platforms. I got an
email from someone and I could pretty much like
I could read it pretty quickly and to determine,
you know what I mean? Like from experience I've
I've had been contacted by alleged witnesses
and stuff like that for decades. And you could
kind of sift out the crazy pretty quickly. And
um I think it was like a year ago, maybe maybe
a little over a year ago, I got this email and
I read it and I just I time stopped. I was like,
"Oh my gosh." And it was basically someone that
claimed uh I have the email. I'll show it to you
offline. Um claimed to have been part of the Varia
operation from Campenis. It was Youf. He goes, "I
was on the flight." No way. Yes. I swear to God.
What happened? Did you get in touch? Well, so I
was like, "Oh my," it was just this moment like I
was just I was overwhelmed with excitement, right?
And I gave all the details. I'll I'll let you read
it. And um I was involved. This is weighed on me
for almost 30 years of my family and what Yeah.
You have to be very careful how you reach out to
me. If you do it this way or that way, I'm going
to cut all ties. Like it has to be this way,
you know, blah blah blah. And I was like, "I'll
whatever you want. Let's do it. Whatever makes
you comfortable." that I didn't hear anything
for about 24 hours, maybe a little longer. And
this individual said, this individual said, "Oh,
my systems were hacked." And that wasn't me that
wrote that. No way. So, did you do some followup
and research to figure out who this person
was? No. Yes. And and but but when when this
individual reached out and I have a proton email
now, which I'll provide to you, you could put on
the screen at some point. Yeah. Because there was
it was through Google. It was through Gmail. And I
thought, well, that was silly. Like, why did you
contact me through Gmail? Like, you know, that's
easily hacked and it really worried me when I got
it. But I only way that was only he didn't leave
me a number. I couldn't find him on Signal. Like,
so I responded just the way he told me to respond.
And the feeling I had certainly from his response
later was that somebody he got a phone call,
something happened, shut this down. I don't know.
But it seemed so authentic. Like it seemed so like
this guy was really part of it. I don't know if
that guy is listening to this message right now
in any way, shape, or form, like reach out. You'll
provide the Proton email that I'll You can put it
on the screen. I'll put it up. Thanks. Yeah. But
so, uh, did you do some background research on
this person to figure out? I I did through some
connections of mine. Yes. And was he Air Force?
Uh, uh, Marines. He was Marines. Marines. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. And um so is it plausible that what
he was saying was correct? Very interesting.
Yeah. I mean he gave like you'll see. Do you
find any colleagues of his or anything? Uh no. And
and uh you know since then I I was putting out the
program and then in record time I put out the new
cut of moment of contact. Nine months from concept
to completion to delivery. Nine months which is a
history like I I have had so little bandwidth for
anything else. There's so many things to follow up
on. I'm going back and forth to Brazil. We got to
find this guy. Have you heard of Jonathan Want?
Yes. I interviewed him in the 90s with uh Yeah.
What am I talking about? You have an interview
with Jonathan Wagant which Steven Greer edited
down in a weird way. Yeah. I I was actually there
for that interview and I I went around the country
with Steven Greer just because I was like, "This
guy says he's got all this access to people." And
I wasn't even prepared for landing cases, let
alone crash cases back then. I mean, I heard
about Roswell, but but I met him and he was in his
20s and I was in my 20s and I was like, "Boy, this
guy and he was so paranoid at the time." Yeah.
This is in the ' 90s. Well, he was beat up. He
was paranoid and he was talking about like it was
one of the interviews that I was on Steven Greer's
Anyway, he left an indelible impression on me
because I saw behind the scenes how terrified he
was. He was debating on whether I didn't even come
forward at the last possible minute. They talked
about I think either he was in the helicopter or
they mentioned the fact they could take him up
in the helicopter. It was a very big forest. They
could just throw him out anywhere. He would never
be seen or heard from again. Like he walked right
up to the craft. He went up to the craft. He said
there was like a green liquid dripping out of it.
He said there was an arm with I think three or
four fingers. It like a like a biological piece of
an entity. Yeah. And I haven't I haven't watched
the whole interview since I operated the camera
for that interview with with Dr. career and um
but he left an indelible impression on me. Like I
was like [__] cuz he was a Marine, right? Yeah.
And I that's why I mentioned maybe the connection
with this guy reaching out to you. Maybe there's
some you know and the thing is is like I wasn't
really prepared at the time to process like crash
retrievals, anything beyond Roswell. I don't
know. It's been a kind of a slow evolution for
my personal you like my personal journey, you
know, cuz I'd heard about I heard about that
was my first case where I was like, boy, this guy
is credible, man. I mean, I I I felt like he was
credible. Seems super credible. This happened in
the early 90s. He was a part of Operation Laser
Strike in Peru and this eggshaped craft crashed
into dripping something dripping from it. He had
telepathic communication with it. It was it was
buried about a 45 degree angle into the side of
the uh into the into the side of the the cliff
there. The the ridge. It was dripping this serike
uh like ser viscosity, this liquid. Uh it was
everywhere all down everywhere when we went down
there cuz there were plants and everything and it
was it was weird. was a a purplish green color and
it kind of like like fluctuated like you couldn't
really when you you'd look at it one time then you
look at it again and it would like it's almost
like it I don't know if it was like alive and
it was just changing but every time you looked at
it you saw a different shade of of greenish purple
and the being the being was uh basically sending
them very similar signals that that sent you know
Ventterelli the the neuroscientist and the the
the daughters or the the the sorry the women Yeah.
And then they they apprehended him. They beat
him up. People in Virginia are terrified that
don't have evidence. Just their just their the
fact that they witnessed the event or drove the
creature or whatever aspect, you know, they they
they they experienced. They're terrified. Now,
obviously the ultimate, you know, holy grail of
evidence that I'm bending over backwards to get
my hands on and we keep getting close, uh, is film
footage. Yeah. Now, I know through experience that
if I do get my hands on it, and bloody well we've
gotten close, uh, I got something to worry about.
And I've thought about that many times, like uh
could I upload it to a server? Could I send it to
10 different people? Like how do I deal with that
that scenario? In fact, I had a really recent I
had a really vivid dream just recently. Um really
vivid like in fact when I was watching your show
with Joe Rogan. Yeah. He had he had that dream.
Yes. that really vivid I had a really vivid dream
where I was in I was in Virginia and I was in a
very crowded area I think it was like a conference
or we were having a screening or something and um
lots of activity lots of and some gentleman walked
up to me and he handed me a thumb drive and he
just slipped it in my pocket and he just looked at
me and he kept walking and I was like [__] I've
got this is this has to be the footage right but
in my dream I was going what do I do like and then
I just felt this doom maybe that happened I just
got the chill now I have a target on my back. Like
what do I do? Like I feel like I'd have a target
on my back to get the hell out of there. I need to
get it uploaded as quickly as possible. You know,
go to a fancy hotel in S. Paulo. I don't know. But
anyway, if there's one thing that I've learned in
this field, don't draw quick conclusions. Don't
have that knee-jerk reaction like suspend your
judgment. Listen to the testimony because it's
so easy to go that's impossible. That couldn't
possibly have happened without the whole world
knowing about it. Well, that's that's people have
an allergic reaction to everything that doesn't
fit their kind of mental model of how the world
works. But it should always it should always be
follow the evidence. It should never absolutely it
should it should always be like okay what actually
happened and then there's beyond that there's
speculation as to what those things are. I often
think even UFO researchers jump to the conclusion
that it's a thing came from another planet when
you know we don't know what these things are.
That's why they use non-human intelligence, which
on the one hand sometimes seems sanitized, PC,
and part of some controlled disclosure. Like UAP
was supposed to UFO, like UAP is supposed to UFO,
and I like UFO better than UAP. You know, it's
I think it's kind of better and old school,
but like also I I kind of like the NHI thing
because it's we don't know. We don't know. And
you you really just have to follow the evidence
specifically. And you have great theorists,
people like Mike Masters, who talk about that them
being beings from the future. And maybe they are
being who knows. I'll be the first one to admit
I have absolutely no idea where they come from,
what they want, why they're here. Yeah. I can
speculate. I can look at like I don't think the
government is sure of that either. And but you
know and I I okay over the decades I've gone you
know you look at what they do and that's pretty
compelling but then you look at what they don't do
because all they'd have to do to to reveal their
presence openly would be to hover over the next
Super Bowl right I mean but they don't do that.
They've done some pretty bold moves over the years
like in the 50s uh 57 I think in uh Italy some big
game they were Oh yeah, you know they've done some
pretty cool stuff. I mean Phoenix, Arizona was
pretty phenomenal. I was when everyone's under
the night sky to get a glimpse of the hellbob
comet and that massive boomerang shaped craft
and other crafts as well. Pretty bold. Pretty bold
stuff, you know. Well, but then you look at Travis
Walton and it's like, well, they clearly if you're
if you're going to take if you're going to take
the account of seven witnesses, you know, at face
value, they cared enough about him. He probably
got in the way of the propulsion where they
grabbed him, fixed him, and then deposited him
in the area in an area on the outskirts of town
that was close enough to like he could get help,
but not too close to reveal their their presence.
They cared about him. had they dropped him off
where they picked him up, right, he wouldn't have
made it. It's a very remote area of the snowflake,
Arizona up in the mountains when that encounter
occurred. So, I thought about like I think about
those things. I think about, you know, Sakoro like
officer Lonnie Zamora like face contact, you know,
locked eyes with one of these beings. They got
back in the craft and left. Like they didn't
want to have contact. They didn't want to have
communication much more than anything whatever
happened when he looked into the eyes of these
creatures. So they're in on the secrecy as well.
Yes. Clearly. Yes. Right. I mean you can draw
that conclusion pretty definitively I would say
that many of these experiencers. Yes. Exactly. If
you take the their accounts at face value that but
there there is some level of contact. I mean look
at Rua. I mean look at 1966 West all you know.
Thank you Shane Ryan and James Riggnney. Um that
case is compelling because you know once again it
was a school 10:30 in the morning broad daylight
broad daylight. 300 plus witnesses standing out
there watching this disc zip around in the sky
with a little airplane falling around it and then
the thing lands and then the kids run over and a
handful of the kids see it sitting on the ground
within 10 ft. That's a pretty bold move I would
say. Yes. You know, as far as sightings go. Yeah.
Yeah. In plain sight. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, it's
it's it's a complex it's so complex and I feel I
feel almost like I know less today than I did 30
plus years ago. Although I know the phenomenon's
real. I know there's a cover up. I know that the
government I I say no, I I feel very comfortable
the government has got very definitive evidence
about this, you know, bodies and craft and all
that stuff. I just I don't know what they know.
In fact, I just asked somebody who probably I'll
remain nameless, but I was talking to somebody
that I feel would be in a position to know. And I
said I was like, "How many people have the bigger
picture?" And this individual was like, and I
believe me, I trust this individual. And um um 10
10 have the bigger picture. That doesn't mean they
have the full scope. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, and
I said, "Well, so like how many people know what
you know?" He goes, "About 30." I was like, "So 30
people know what you know?" I like, "Well, um, is
it I've heard that some people say it's a little
scary. Is it scary?" And, uh, the individual is
like, "Yeah, I guess it could be a little scary."
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, it's a little scary. I know. I'm
dying to know, right? you know, maybe with
the information they have isn't correct. Who
knows? And um I looked over and Leslie Keane was
watching me have this conversation. You know, this
is recently. And I see her looking at me across
the room and she's like looking at me. She knows.
She goes, "I know that look on your face, James,
when I see you locked like you're you really want
to know something." She goes, "I didn't want to
interfere." And I'm like just about. So I was
like, "Well, what well um so like well what what
uh what's the intent, you know?" And then somebody
like butts in and it hey, you know, I've always
wanted to meet you and I'm sitting there like like
I don't know if I would have gotten it or not,
but according to this individual that that it's
not like they didn't I didn't have to fear for my
safety kind of thing. And this could be all wrong.
I don't know. But but that the intent was a little
scary. A little scary. Yeah. Yeah. I Well, what do
I know? I don't I don't know. It's hard to say,
Jesse. I I don't know. I don't I don't either.
You know, and that's that felt like the framing
of the age of disclosure. Like there, you know,
that there was some sort of um you know, they were
prepping the battle space and they care about our
nuclear assets because it's just like we would do
ISR on a foreign adversary or whatever. You want
to know what they're working with? I don't believe
that. I don't I don't um and that's not to say,
you know, if you're you're a hammer, everything's
supposed to look like a nail. And so if your job
is American national security, like, you know,
maybe that's the way you're supposed to orient
yourself towards this. But like I don't I don't
believe that and I don't I don't think that should
be people's a priori biases going in, especially
if that's their first touch point towards,
you know, the phenomenon. That's that's not my
personal belief. And I mean look you just spoke
to you know Talo Ventterelli and you know this is
the like this thing was like an angel and it was
higher consciousness than ours and it wanted us
to know how special we are and even that could be
a form of deception. You know it's always like
you know you guys are doing harm via like you
know these environmental catastrophes that could
be some sort of deception where they're trying to
clamp down and control us. Who knows? But I think
I think knowing that they're bad somehow. I mean,
this this thing's been whatever's been going on,
it's been going on for a long time. I think well
before Roswell, well before Magenta in the 30s.
Look at uh Wonders in the Sky by Jacqu Valet.
That's a great example. Incredible. Yeah. Or
Passport to Meonia. Passport to Meonia. Exactly.
So So this has been going on for a long long
time. So I I just the idea that there's going to
be some sort of rapid juncture or break in their
orientation towards us where they start to view us
as some sort of big threat. Uh you know clear I I
do think they do care about our nuclear stuff and
are trying to enforce some sort of homeostasis
of the earth protect it perhaps it could affect
their reality. Yeah it could affect them somehow
but interesting but I mean and you'll hear things
like oh they activated the nuclear sequence.
Well, guess what? They turned it off after they
activated it. You know, they always turn it off.
In most cases, they deactivate it. In most cases,
they deactivate. So, yeah. I don't know if I buy
that, but um I'm open, but I you know, the one
line that I always remember, and I I actually
think I I think I got this with Tim Coleman. I
was doing Out of the Blue. I should watch Out of
the Blue again. It's been a while. But, uh Robert
Salis, former launch control officer. I just love
this line. that I'm sure a lot of you have heard
it, but I was like, "Well, wow, that's amazing.
These, you know, these craft were seen over the
base and these nuclear installation during the
peak of the Cold War, blah blah blah blah." And
he's like, "Yeah, he's very calm." And I could
see exactly why he was a launch control officer,
cuz he was very measured and every word was
carefully crafted and he was just calm. You know,
the kind of guy that you want in your corner when
all hell's breaking loose, right? cuz he's going
to be very methodical, measured, and like not
panic and do the wrong and he's like, "Yeah,
you know, James uh message was uh pretty clear in
my book." Um it's almost like taking matches out
of the hands of a baby, you know. I thought,
"Wow, that's pretty cool." Whoa. Yeah. Yeah,
it is cool. And and and solid kind of reassuring
a little bit. It is. And you know what? He he is
not alone. Most of those guys who are in Bob
Hastings amazing book, UFOs and Nukes say that
that's what they, you know, they're like, "We
don't know, but we think that the message is,
you know, you guys are playing with fire." Yeah.
And not, you know, we're trying to deactivate your
tip of the spear defenses against us, not that
we're trying to dominate. We're talking between
September of ' 66 and March of ' 67, we lost 30
missiles to UFO activity. It's wild. Yeah. 30. 30.
That's pretty pretty insane. And I do think what
that guy said to you as far as I think I think
there is a tip of the spear as far as government
knowledge on this stuff. But I think if if you
know maybe the biggest misconception of all is
that they understand all of it. Yeah. You know,
I think they're learning from you just as much as
you're learning from them. I really do that. Yeah.
Go for it. Yeah. Well, I was at this event and uh
and and I was with Leslie and there were all these
men in suits and she was like, "Hey, there's
these guys are from the agency." And you know,
I pretty much knew that, you know, they were
very nice. And I I didn't assume anything. I
I was like, "Oh, yeah." you know, and I've been
investigating this case, you know, in Bargia,
and they're, "Oh, yeah. No, we know exactly what
you've been doing." Not in a threatening way,
but like we follow Oh, yeah. We're following this
really closely. Like, for sure. Like, you know,
isn't that funny? Yeah. No, I get I get that all
the time. Like, of course you do. And I've had
people on the inside ask about you. Oh, there
you go. Like, what do you think about what do
you think about this guy, Jesse Michaels? I was
like, he's [__] amazing. That guy's putting the
pieces of the puzzle together that I just like,
whoa. I'm taking I'm taking notes on the sideline,
you know. That's why I mentioned you on Joe Rogan
because I was like, "This guy earned it." That was
the nicest plug I think I will ever get. And I I I
mean, earned that, brother. That means so much to
me. You earned it. It came from here. Well, that I
know it did. I know it did. And I I got emotional
just watching it because it that was like 10
minutes or something of you. you are a rock star
and I know by the end of it cuz Joe didn't know me
then. And he was just like, "Okay, I guess you've
loved this Jesse guy. Thanks, Jane." Because I've
been watching you work and I'm like, "This guy's
operating on another level. Like you're just
incredible the way you're putting the piece of
the puzzle together and like doing deep dives into
all these different aspects." I was like, "Whoa."
Like, this is incredible. Well, we're I'm standing
on the shoulders of giants and and and there's no
way, you know, like you were making movies while
you were painting fences. Yes. Digging ditches,
bending rebar, pouring cement, painting houses,
parking cars. Yeah. So, like I think it's really
easy to post destigmatization of the whole topic,
New York Times article in 2017, all this stuff,
you know, it's easy to make these YouTube videos.
So uh you know I I I I I think you know all of us
who are doing that owe you a huge debt owe people
like Jeremy Corbel and Ross Colthart a huge debt
and so yeah no it's uh thank you for saying
that but um and there people like me too like
UAP so many people ask me to do that and I don't
and I so many people oh I heard you're going I
always try to keep it secretive I heard you're
going on like can you please you know it's like
you earned it. It's like when you called me and
just said, "Thanks so much." I was like, "Dude,
don't thank me, man. You earned that one." Like,
I I meant it. Yeah. That re that really meant
the the world to me. And and and Joe's become a
good friend. That's incredible. When I saw him on
your show, I was like, "My god." Yeah. That's so
cool. That was the most real moment. So cool. It
was so epic cuz he he's also respects you, too.
Like he's got tremendous respect for you. Oh,
I don't know. Incredible. Yeah, it's it's so nice.
Maybe should both of you guys should aim higher.
But it's always nice to like feel appreciated.
Everybody wants to feel appreciated. And you know,
one of the things I'd love to say right here and
right now is like, you know, I'd really like to
see more kindness between fellow re everyone
really. I agree. Especially with the people you
disagree with. Yeah. You know, and less less
impuging people's motives and thinking that
they're bad faith actors. Absolutely. because
and there all these people who I I went into
this world thinking, "Oh, but they're part of the
insider crew or whatever." And then I'd meet them
and I'd realize that like, yeah, maybe they know a
few like kind of spookyish people or whatever, but
they're really just trying to figure it out and
they're trying to get the information. You know,
a good example of that is actually Tom Delong.
Yeah. Where like, you know, I I uh you know,
recently remember when he went on Rogan and Rogan
was it was too much. It was too much too soon.
Well, well, cuz he was probably right, right? He
was right about a lot of stuff, I think. But he he
it was um too much where he wasn't in a position
to he could like say a highle thing and then Rogan
obviously wants to get lowle. He wants to know all
the details and then he would say like I I can't
really fully, you know, tell you like I'll tell
you after the show sort of thing was like I can't
wait for the show to end, right? But um you know
I find him to be extremely earnest and cool and
smart and have like some sort of working worldview
around this thing that uh you know seems to be
pretty coherent. And and I think a lot of his you
know uh engagement with people on the inside were
his own just really vigilante desire to like get
a lot of this stuff out in in any way he could.
And he has some interesting stories that I hope
he tells at some point. I want to shift gears for
a second because you have just uh a compendium of
incredible historical interviews and interactions
with some of the people who are the most important
people in UFO history. Uh I want to talk about
Phil J. Corso. Yes. You have maybe the last
interview with him alive. Yeah. Uh he obviously
wrote The Day After Roswell. Um he was uh head of
the the Pentagon's uh foreign technology desk. He
was a witness to the creatures. Maybe he was a
witness. He says he was, but in the day after
Roswell that was also co-written by William
J. Burns, right? And that might have been,
but no, but I interviewed him and he told me
about when he was taken in at Fort Okay. So,
they started the journey in Roswell by truck, I
believe it was, and some of the debris went to
right Pat on an airplane, but I think the bodies,
according to Corso, yeah, there was a stop along
the way. In any case, he said that he'd heard that
there were some bodies and they went in and they
opened up with the caskets and he saw the body
from the Roswell. No way. Yeah. Yeah. In early
July 1947, Corsa was post duty officer in Fort
Riley, Kansas. There he claims to have seen a
body transported from an air base in New Mexico.
I went back and there was five crates there, like
five or six. I think it was five. I lifted one up
and here's this body there and floating in fluid.
First I thought it was a a child cuz it was
small. Then I looked at his head and all right.
This was only happened a matter of seconds.
Then I put the end back down and uh the head
was different. The arms were spindly. The body
it was gray. So right at that moment I figured
u I don't know what this thing is. So, like an
intelligence business, I just better put it in
the back of my head here and wait till maybe in
the future I get collaboration so I can evaluate
what it is. Yeah. You said that in your interview.
Yes. It was really funny actually because when I
went to the 50th anniversary of the Roswell
case that took place in 1997 uh in Roswell,
New Mexico. And it was a scene because we had like
members of Congress. There was Congressman Schiff,
I think it was, who was saying like, "I don't
know what's going on here, but I've been getting,
you know, I've been getting the I've been getting
like stiff armed by the Air Force, you know, and
I'm making inquiries and why would you fly a, you
know, a weather balloon under armed guard, like,
you know, and he noted that all of the Roswell
stuff was deleted, all the archival material,
sent him to an agency knowing that agency didn't
have anything." And this was all happening.
more people were coming forward and then boom,
this guy, you know, Philip Corso, who apparently
uh according to him, he told me this directly
from him, his mouth to my ears, he said that
they rushed the book to print with William Burns
because they wanted to make the they wanted to
ride the coattell of the 50th anniversary of
Roswell and all the attention it was getting
and that there were a lot of discrepancies in
the book that he was upset about that, you know,
uh this is what he told me and and I uh when he
came to Roswell, there was a flurry of activity
in one of the hangers and he was surrounded by
all these news reporters. Oh my lord, you should
have seen it was a feeding frenzy like and I'm
looking at him and I'm like, I got to get a I got
to get an on camera statement. But I was a little
kid with a camera and I was like, you know what?
I'm just going to elbow my way in there. I don't
care. And I I fought my way in there and I got my
camera and I asked him a couple questions in the
movie. I'll give it to you. You can show it. And
um and then the next day I found out where
he was staying, what hotel he was in. And I
I just you know what? I went to the reception. I
said, "Oh, I've got a meeting with Philip Corso.
Can you I just forgot what room he's in. Would
you mind?" You know, and I went to the room and
um Oh, we were expecting you like, you know,
and uh Oh, really? Like I was like, "Cool." So,
we sit down and we do it hour and a half long
interview, whatever it was. I don't know, hour,
hour and a half. Got a lot of stuff out
of them. again, I'll I'm happy to provide
whatever you want. And um and then Michael Hessman
arrives, German guy, and he was late and he was
all sweaty and flustered. And apparently he had
scheduled the interview that I got with Corso,
but he showed up late. I showed up. I was in
the right place at the right time. So I got
this sit down interview with Corso when Michael
Hesman should have had it. And as it turns out,
he was all flustered and he was late and he had
no sound gear. So I gave him my sound gear. was
when I got about I want to say it's about an hour
and a half and he talked about why he's coming
forward because it was grandkids and he's like I'm
old I'm going to die soon but you know I want the
world to know this thing happened I was a witness
I saw and I remember thinking cuz there was a lot
of controversy after he died and he was no longer
in a position to kind of correct the the record I
guess but I believed him I believed him I looked
him in the eyes and I really did believe him and
I think I still believe him to this day and I
think he got a really bad rap and maybe it was too
much too soon. I don't know. But he told me, "I'm
coming forward for my grandchildren." And he goes,
"I saw the bodies." Like he looked like a little
kid, big head, big eye, you know, all the typical
spindly arms, spindly legs. How many fingers?
Didn't I don't remember that part because you know
what's interesting? You you say in in Virginia
there were three three fingers. Three digits.
Yeah. And it was uh you know on the the paper it's
drawn, you know, the three fingers or whatever.
You recreate it. And you know, I've seen beings
in Peru that are skeletons with three fingers,
the three toes and three three fingers, and
they carbonate to between 800 and,700 years ago,
and one of them has a tral fetus inside of it. So
there's inheritance between What's mean? Triactyl
means three fingers. So So one of them has a a
fetus with three fingers and three toes in it.
Wow. They all have DNA associated with them and
further testing is being done right now. So I'm
like, okay, both of these things are happening
in South America. Is that just a skeleton of
what? And they they have elongated heads, but
they didn't undergo any headbinding. They don't
have any of the stress fractures involved in
headbinding. Wow. Super weird. Bargin Brazil,
those things had three fingers and three toes. So
the question is like and they saw footprints too
in that case. And and and didn't Dave Gush
say that some of the craft recovered were
archeological digs or something like this? He
said Bob Lazar said that. But David Grush said
that the that the the skeletons that I saw in Peru
looked like things that he's seen in classified
settings. Wow. So that could be the same thing
that that happened in Virginia that that being
and we could have literal mummies of those beings
for all we know. Bigalow. I remember I met with
Bigalow. I got contacted by him in 2009 and I
don't think I was ready for what he told me at
the time and quite honestly I don't know if
I'm still not ready. What did he say? Well,
it was funny actually because he talked about the
complexities of disclosure. He reached out to me
through his secretary and I still have the email
and they said uh Mr. Bigalow wants to congratulate
you on a job well done for I know what I saw and
uh that's cool. I looked up Bigalow and I kind
of knew who you know I was like oh wow would Mr.
Mr. Bigalow liked to get together, you know. Yes,
he would actually. And so we arranged a time
where I would go to his house and this is like
2009 probably. And uh we had lunch together at
his house in Las Vegas and he he starts telling
me about the complexities of disclosure. Do you
understand kid? Like you know the implications and
they're so vast impacts on organized religion
and this and that. And I I honestly I hadn't
really thought of the complexities of disclosure.
And I was like, "Yeah, cool." You know, and he's
talking about that. And then he goes he goes, "Uh,
yeah, and they're walking among us." And I said,
"What?" And he goes, "What do you mean they're,
you know," he goes, "I mean exactly that. They're
they're walking among us." Now, no, I think I
took that and I put it in the back of my head
because I was like, "You know what? That's just
crazy. like you got to be kidding me, you know.
At the time I I don't know. I took it with a grain
of salt. Uh maybe they are. I don't know. I mean,
it would be pretty funny if they were because,
you know, here we are looking out across the
cosmos for any sign of intelligent life, you know,
with the various NASA programs, you know, looking
uh for water or whatever oxygen or atmosphere,
you know, all these various planets. that would
it be funny if they're like right here, you know?
It' be And maybe they are, you know, maybe they
are. Yeah. Well, they the Hal Putoff always talks
about the UFOs engaging in what he calls signature
management where they control what they sort of
look like or appear to be in optical and radar and
that sort of thing. And so maybe that's happening
with the beings themselves. And so, who knows?
Yeah. One thing that I've learned over the
decades is suspend judgment. Man, at this point,
anything's possible. I don't know what's going
on. I would love to know what's going on. I don't
either. And I and I want, you know, you guys to
understand like I don't put something out into the
public if I don't believe it's highly likely that
it happened. I I'm not out there just trying to I
I really don't. I care about integrity. I care
about perception. Like you're the opposite of a
gri a grifter doesn't start valeting cars and then
makes the thing on the side cuz he's so passionate
about it. What are you talking about when there is
no market for the thing in the early 2000s? Once
I pay back my investors I always put my films on
free platforms like No, you just you just told me
before you started rolling your dream is to buy
the phenomenon back. So how are you a grifter?
You want to buy your own footage back cuz that
feels more authentic. It's crazy. Yeah. Anyway,
so that's just ridiculous. No, but it is these
things. Same with with this thing in Peru with
these mummies. Like sometimes when the thing is
staring you in the face, you think it's too good
to be true, but maybe maybe it's just, you know,
Jim Semiban, who's very high up at the CIA. He
said said something. He says like most of this
stuff, it was a personal experience, says most
of this stuff is just hidden in plain sight. And
that's the conclusion that I've come to. Uh again,
despite my So funny, wouldn't it? Yeah. Right.
What? That it's just it's just there. Yeah. I I
I was at the airport a couple years ago and I was
flying to Arizona for a conference or something
and I I get up to the gate and I was like, [__]
I left my sunglasses in the car. I like I can't
leave without my sunglasses. Like, ah. I had to
go back to the security. I go all the way out to
the car. Ah, my sunglasses aren't there. I was
like, crap. Guess where they were? Where? On my
face. Yeah, they were right there. Yeah, sometimes
it's just right staring at right there. But what
what is Did you Did you probe Bigalow Moore and
you say what did you you know what do you mean
exactly? I talked about the implications. Well, I
did talk about the implications of of disclosure,
the complications of disclosure a little
bit, but in terms of them walking among us,
I wasn't ready for it. I honestly wasn't. I I was
like, you know, who's this guy? I don't know, man.
I I I I couldn't dismiss it entirely just because
of his position. He's probably invested more money
in research with NIDS and OAP and ATIP and all the
various different people that he's worked with. Um
so I couldn't like I didn't categorically dismiss
it, but I kind of put it I compartmentalized it,
put in the back of my head. And but as time
went by and I learned more about the phenomenon,
I started thinking, [__] man, maybe he's
right. Maybe they are right here, you know,
walking among us. Wouldn't that be Wouldn't
that be funny? You know, it's like, you know,
it's right under our noses. There it is in plain
sight. And that seems to make more sense to me
cuz a lot of people go, you know, and I get people
go, "Oh, you're just, you know, you're concluding,
you know, it's extraterrestrial." I was like, "No,
actually, I didn't say that and I've never said
that. I really don't know what they are." Well,
with the guy who's uh transporting this being in
this, you know, in the military uh cargo driver or
whatever, he goes, I'll show you the email. Yeah,
I want to see that email. Yeah, sorry. Go
ahead. But he says uh he says it was, you know,
it was told to him like they were somebody was
questioning him. What did you see? And he says,
I don't, you know, I don't know what I saw. You
know, it was like a burnt human being or something
cuz he was trying to be cool as if he didn't
see anything. The guy goes, it was supernatural.
They focused on me with this older military
guy. He looked me right in the eyes and asked
what I had seen. I said, "I think it was
a burnt man or something." He said, "No,
you didn't see that." say, I don't know if he
thought I was trying to deceive him, you know,
like he knows, but he just doesn't
want to talk about it. It was then
that he stated that what I had witnessed
was a particular thing. Super natural.
Yeah. Supernatural. Supernatural. Yeah. I was
very funny in the edit room because I I edit my
own movies and that line just really stuck with
me and I really wanted it to I really wanted it
to to hit with the audience and so I I had I
did all the uh subtitles in the film and I did
it at my pacing because I'm a slow reader and
I always frustrates me when I'm watching a film
with subtitles when they come on too fast I'm like
no you're going too fast slow down. So I tried to
like do one line whenever I could, two lines most,
primarily one line. And when it came to super,
because he goes, this is Military X talking
about with the general meeting that he had
with the general after he driven this
creature from various places, Humanitas,
ultimately Campinus. And he's like, uh, he goes,
"No, no, that's not what you saw. What you saw
was super natural." And so I put super and then
a beat later, natural as he said it on the text.
And then the other guy that I work with, Boris,
he changed it to have them both come on at the
same time. And I went, "No, no, no, no, no, Boris.
That was intentional. I want that word." Because
it's memorable, right? Yes. It's a It's a cool
It's a moment in the movie. Super natural. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Sounds like a shampoo commercial
or something, right? Yeah. Exactly. Um Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, yeah. It's remarkable. And And we we
don't know, you know, what these beings are. And
you know, even on the on the I keep going back
to these Peruvian mummies, but they had these
um like osmium and cadmium implants like on their
heads. And you know, I was just I was playing
around. I was asking GP chat GBT, you know, what
these things might be adaptive for. And it's like
maybe they could create this local electromagnetic
field which would define how the beings are
perceived or like modulate, you know, in other
words, affect the environment around them. Yeah.
Crazy. It's crazy. Who knows? I remember what's
his name. Uh, I'll think of it in a second. He was
a NASA employee. He analyze photographs. Makabe.
Was it something Makabe? Bruce Makabe. Yeah,
Bruce McCabe. FBI, UFOs in the FBI or something.
Yeah. But he primarily did photographic analysis.
And he said to me years ago, cuz I was like, "Why
are all the pictures blurry?" like ah, you know,
and people criticize that all the time. And
he's like, if they're not blurry and they
have a defined clear edge, this is 20 plus years
ago. He goes, that's when you should be suspicious
because there's some kind of weird field around
the propulsion we feel that causes a slight
distortion and so you'll always get slightly fuzzy
edges and all that stuff. I was like, "Wow, y wow,
that's interesting." You know that was coming from
a guy PhD like you know you have these lensing
effects from the gravitational bubble and it was
explained really well in Age of Disclosure which I
thought you know I mean red shifts or blue shifts
and uh you know tip my hat to to Dan Farah and and
Lou Alzando that was an exquisite accomplishment.
Everyone can criticize how a film's put together
but trust me as a filmmaker myself uh I think
that's going to help move the needle. I I was
very impressed. you know, people like Rubio and
and James Clapper and all coming forward and
putting their necks out. So, um I'm I'm excited
about the times and I feel like Moment of Contact,
New Revelations of Alien Encounters, I don't
know, the timing seems to be perfect because
like Dan Farah's film, Age of Disclosure with Lou
Alzando is kind of everything that our film isn't
and our film is everything that their film isn't.
Right. So, you make these extraordinary claims,
you know, and then you're we're providing an
extraordinary case. Yes. because this is an
example. Do you know what I'm saying? So, I think
that it's a really good I think the timing and
the pressure that I felt because I didn't know
when Age of Disclosure was going to come out.
I'd heard kept hearing it was delayed, whatever
reasons and so the fact that it came out and then
like you know 6 weeks later we're dropping this
one. I think the timing is going to be perfect. I
think the stars are starting to align and I think
that we can really get some traction in terms of
you know regardless of what you think about the
current administration I think if ever there was a
time for full disclosure I think it's more likely
to happen with him than anybody else. Yeah. No,
I I agree. He's he's more likely to do something
out of left field. Rip the bandaid off. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Because Biden administration I was so
disappointed like Rush came out during the Biden
administration. It's like you're not even going
to address it. Well, but the Biden administration,
the problem with the Biden administration, okay,
right now, maybe, you know, you could argue that
Trump has too much agency or something. With
Biden, he wasn't it was a headless administration.
It was literally the whole thing was just a a
bureaucracy because you had you have a guy who was
had dementia. Yeah. Who and so then you're like,
who's actually running? Oh, is it Jake Sullivan
maybe as chief of staff? And then like what's he
up to? We didn't elect him. Like what's the deal?
So the most dismissive nothing's going to get done
in that context. I felt it was the most dismissive
administration in history on the phenomenon and on
everything on everything they if you believe that
is headed in the right direction then that was
the right admin. This you got a lot of volatility
maybe but it's like some sort of hail Mary where
you might get some movement or something. But I
just feel like it's going to happen in this
administration more than any other. I really
do. Yeah. Yeah. I I and I'm and we're going to be
doing things well. You have all these truth and
transparency initiatives. I mean, one interesting
thread is like Tulsi and Clapper kind of hate
each other. I don't know if you know that. I know
that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, Tulsi is a current DNI
and like they're going after Clapper because she
seems pretty amazing. I love Tulsi. She seems like
amazing. She seems I'm a fan. I think she's great.
I think she's she's an honest, earnest actor.
I think she's very brave and um yeah, I I I you
know, pray for her. It takes unconventional to get
this stuff done. It does. Yeah. So, um, but she
doesn't like Clapper, um, because she says that
Clapper was involved in Russia gate and this whole
kind of, you know, um, planting stuff on Trump,
calling the Russian asset or whatever. So, I guess
what I would say to the current DNI is like, okay,
like do you want like Clapper or any of these
guys eating your lunch on this very important
issue or do you want to get the issue? Good idea.
Why would you want these guys to get credit when
you can get the credit? The credit. Exactly. I
mean, honestly, you would go down like, "Hey,
look, I interviewed Senator Harry Reid." Yeah.
And love the guy, hate him, whatever. He was he
spearheaded something that was incredible, right?
Yeah. Yeah. And he stood up for Lou Alisando,
and I'm very grateful for that. But I asked him
this question, and I recently unearthed it because
I didn't put it in the phenomenon. And I said,
like, what would you tell whatever president it
was? What would you tell the president of the
United States about this topic? And he goes,
don't be afraid. Don't be afraid to take it on
head on. Like, don't be afraid to admit that this
stuff is real. Like, and I think that's really
important because everyone that I've interviewed,
including the governor, including senators and
members of Congress, it was the best thing to
their career. They thought it was going to be
the opposite effect, right? But in actuality,
and I even interviewed the former governor
of New Mexico, who's a Democrat, Richardson,
and he goes, "You know, quite honestly, James, one
of the few things that I ever did in my political
career was looking into the UFO phenomenon,
particularly the Roswell crash." He goes, "You
wouldn't believe the level of support I had from
both parties." No, it's it's you look at Luna,
were the only bipartisan things. You look at Luna,
Berett, Berles, like all these guys Yeah. are it's
become their like number one issue and they are
going on podcast tours. They're talking about it
constantly. Yeah. And they're all pumped. Yeah.
Democrats and Republicans working together is so
beautiful to see. Thank God they're working for
the people. Yeah. So, but it it's clearly good
for their career. It's not bad for their career.
That's exactly right. That's exactly right. Yeah.
No, they're getting notoriety and people want
the truth. Yeah, they do. And they should get
it. Yeah. Like I don't care, man. If it's a little
scary, whatever. Yeah. Don't hide. Don't treat us
like children. Don't hide the truth. Like it's so
like you you you know so much and I know what I
know. Whatever. You know more than me. Well, not
not really. But but you know what I know I know,
right? because I went out, you know, but um we
regardless of it, I think that every man, woman,
and child has a right to know what the bigger
picture is. Stop treating us like children.
Like it it frustrates me to no end when you see
like statements made, you know, it's starting
to be less so these days. Satan made they're
so clearly like clash with reality like the
crash test dummies in Roswell. If you've looked in
you a modicum of research into the Roswell case,
you'd be like you'd laugh that right out of the
room, right? Oh, these bluish dummies. It's like
and that happened like way later. And then Project
Mogul like Project Mogul is like later and they're
same balloons but they're stringed together to
make a bigger balloon. Like if you look at all the
facts that's just it's like a slap in the face.
Anybody who knows anything about it, you know,
it's like and it's just I I've had it. Like could
you just please can we just have some transparency
on this? Like it's one of the reasons why I'm
working so hard. Like you know I'm pushing now
harder than ever. Like I've cranked out since
2020. I put out the phenomenon then I put out
moment of contact then I put out the program. Now
I put out a new version moment of contact which
covering all the congressional hearings really
quickly you saw and and I'm doing something else
that I'll be cranking that out in under a year
because I feel like now is not the time to let
up as much as I want to go spend more time with my
family and I do believe me it's very painful like
to be away from my son and I'm missing so many
things but I feel like my my whole career is kind
of culminated to this moment right now and I feel
like we all as a community need to work together
need to be kinder to one another, need to respect
one another, particularly with those that we
disagree with. I really mean that. Like cuz we're
stronger together. Yeah. Speak speaking of people
who did not hold back on the truth. Uh Apollo 14
astronaut Edgar Mitchell, you met him as well,
right? Yes, I did. And he came back and he was
just from his moon, you know, excursions and he
was just completely adamant that uh alien life
is real. I think he was in touch with various
components of the government, maybe kind of legacy
crash retrieval programs. Yes. Himself. Yes.
He had that he had that memo at his house. Yeah.
Tell me about this memo. Well, it's the Oh, you're
talking about the Wilson Davis. Yeah, you know
that. Yeah, we covered covered that one. Yeah.
Which is strange that he even had that memo, which
is which is documenting Eric Davis in the parking
lot talking to Admiral Thomas J. Wilson who's
head of J2 Joint Chiefs, should be in charge of
all military technology in the government at the
time. late '9s. He's still around. You know, he
was there were some people that wanted to subpoena
him into into a skiff. Yeah. And he goes and I
talked to the people that subpoenaed him. Yeah.
And they said he goes he goes, "Sure, I'll I'll
come into the skiff, but I'm going to tell you
the same thing I'm telling you right here that I'm
going to tell you in the skiff. So, if you want to
waste my time and yours, let's go." That's crazy.
Isn't that funny? Cuz in that document, you have
him But he said he would deny it. Yeah. He's like,
"If this ever comes out, I'll deny, deny, deny."
Yeah, but let me tell you something interesting
about Edgar Edgar Mitchell and I was really clo I
mean I was so I I would call him all the time for
advice and he participated. I was interviewing him
in my 20s. I went to his house and in the middle
of the interview and I was also friends with
Buzz Aldron's sister Feyan Potter, very close. I
used to go to her house. I used to look at all the
behind the scenes photographs of the moon landings
and all the stuff and she would tell she said that
the NASA authorities said that they were all given
some kind of pill that they would die if anything
happened. And also like wait wait wait they would
be given a pill with they gave a pill like where
if they have to kill themselves if they missed the
if they missed the earth sorry if they missed the
moon and they shot off into the space they were
going to they would had something they could die.
Yeah they could in other words they would have to
have a slow death they could kill us that's what
she told me fan she showed me all these pictures
and that and that if if uh if if if Neil Armstrong
came out and anything happened to him Buzz was
not supposed to play the hero. He was supposed
to leave his ass on the moon and get back meet
up with is it was it Collins that they Michael J.
Collins. Michael J. Collins. Yeah. And so she she
told me that. She also told me that he had some
UFO encounter on the way to the moon. Um I know.
Yeah. And one of my biggest regrets was Well,
I have a lot of them, but you told that story
on the last podcast. Yeah. Was that Fan Potter
never I never got her on camera talking about her
her brother. But you chased Buzz Aldrin down and
you said, "I want to interview you about UFOs."
And then he goes, "What did what was my testimony
do?" When I was watching Joe Rogan talk about, and
I respect his opinion, that's totally fine. But I
was personally friends with the number of people
that landed on the moon and I got great detail.
And could I have been deceived? Sure, I could have
been. But I think about like when Joe's like,
"Yeah, look at the three of them sitting right
after they landed on the moon." I was thinking,
well, that's the look on their faces of people
that maybe they had a UFO encounter on the way of
the moon like Fan Potter had, and they had to shut
up. And they had to shut up about it. That's the
third option. Yeah, because you have, you know,
you know, Beatatric Valale. No. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You interviewed her not too
long ago. She's amazing. She spotted thousands
10,000 plus transients every year from in the
Palmar Observatory, which is the most prominent
observatory. And this was between 1949 and 1957.
These things aren't sun streaks. They're not,
you know, asteroids, comets, meteors. Obviously,
they're they're not satellites cuz they're
prepputnick in 1957. And they look like mirror
like light reflecting objects which are what all
the CIA documents describe UFOs as in the late
40s and early 50s and they're in geocynchronous
orbit. And so you you Yeah. And so you have to
and they and they sort of pop up. Yeah. And so
you wonder when you leave, you know, the the
the Van Allen belt, you know, when you leave the
protective magneettosphere of the Earth, do you
just encounter tons and tons of UFOs? And if you
look at Bluegill Triple Prime, which was the first
time we cut a hole in the magneettosphere of the
Earth with the, you know, uh, we we were trying to
see if we could puncture the Van Allen belt. Guess
what came out? UFO material. And Harold Malgrren,
this presidential adviser. I'm so glad you got to
him. Isn't that wild? And he said he was holding
the pieces, the UF, the pieces of the UFO. It was
It was an accidental shootown. He reached for some
stuff sitting on his desk. These are things that
have come down. But debris or images debris. Wow.
Nothing can handle them. Wow. That's amazing.
So, are we just surrounded by UFOs? And and
maybe that's the secret. Maybe the, you know, the
the Neil Armstrong cryptic speech about, you know,
uh uh the the the layers uh concealing the truth.
There are great ideas undiscovered. Breakthroughs
available to those who can remove one of truth's
protective layers are in fact the idea that once
you you get past the Van Allen belt, you actually
encounter just a a UFO prot and then you have okay
another one that very well could be the case. And
all I can tell you is that I was good friends with
Edgar Mitchell. I went to his house. I sat down
with him and in the middle of a UFO interview,
I was like, I I I'm sorry to ask this of you. I
know you get asked this all the time, but what
was it like to go to the moon? I closed my eyes
and I listened to every every detail. But if that
guy was lying, he was a damn good liar. Like just
me in the room with him and another sound guy or
audio guy, you know, I'd have to dismiss him. I'd
have to dismiss Fan Potter. I'd have to say like
I'm open to it, though. So here, No, here here's
where I land. Um Sorry. Yeah, I didn't mean to
interrupt you, but No, you didn't interrupt me at
all. I'm just answer I'm just kind of responding
to how where you're you're at is like I I think
the presentation of the first Apollo mission was
clearly manicured and sanitized. Can I tell you
something about that? Yeah. So, I talked to Edgar
Mish goes a lot of this stuff was coming out
in the '90s and they were questioning the moon
landing stuff and I was like, "Yo, what do you
think about all this like imagery?" And he goes,
"James, it wouldn't surprise me." me. He goes,
"We had hustleblot cameras with no viewfinders,
gardening gloves on." Yeah. And like the whole
world was watching. He goes, "It wouldn't surprise
me if they recreated some imagery that they could
fall back on just in case." Like the biggest,
most expensive endeavor in the history of mankind.
And like, and he goes, "That wouldn't surprise me,
but he goes, I walked on the moon. I swear to
God." Yeah. Yeah. And like if we had one person
and maybe we do, but I don't know if anyone
I don't know how many people were involved in
putting a man on the moon, but I'm I'm assuming
it was in the tens of thousands if not more and
not one person from high level. Well, walking
on the moon way less than you know. No, no,
no. But what Oh, involved in the program in
the Apollo program. How many? A few hundred
thousand. A few hundred thousand. So, has anyone
from that few hundred,00and come forward and said
it didn't happen? Yes. But but yeah, yeah. Oh,
they have. Yes, I didn't know that. Yes, but no,
no Apollo astronauts, but some people within the
NASA some people and yeah, in fact, there's this
guy who Rogan talked about on the show where
he like did this whole review and he you know,
um Oh, I I I saw that Danny Danny Danny
and and you had the Danny Jones, you know,
but but Bar Cyrell is he's not associated with the
program itself, but there are there are people who
were and there's the Gus Gisham thing died the
next day and yeah, put a lemon on the thing.
There's some weird facts and you could, you know,
if you think that the UFO program is involves like
so many people like there's an argument that could
be made that the only thing that would need to be
faked would be like mission control. And if you
could fake mission control, you know, like all the
parts suppliers and all the people like doing kind
of the ancillary kind of peripheral, you have, you
know, like the the spokes of the wheel so to speak
in the operation, they could easily be lied to.
But yeah, I still shake out. I do, you know,
I think we attempted and then like, you know,
I do there's to me I following the evidence
something about the presentation of the whole
thing clearly sanitized. The video is weird.
The two light two light sources, the you know
the there's some anomalies, the flag, the you know
just like there's a there's a lot you know no dust
on the lunar lander. I talked to a guy who was a
scientist that I actually coincidentally worked on
that cheesy TV show I did. Ben uh is the guy and
I was asking him about the moon landing stuff. And
he's like, "Wow, you know," and he's total geeked
out scientists. Like he's like, "Ah, you know,
we can see the the laser. We can put a laser on
some of the things that we left on the surface
of the moon." Yeah. The the reflectors. Yeah.
Reflectors. And we have stuff up there and you can
see them. You can put you can put up the reflector
with the with the rover. But so something went to
the moon according to this guy Ben. For sure.
Well, we put rovers to the up to the moon.
No question. No question about that. Yeah. No
question. Yeah. Yeah. No. Anyway, you know, I
again going back to the UFO phenomenon, every time
I say something's impossible, therefore, you know,
it can't be. Therefore, it isn't. I've been proven
wrong. So, I have to open I have to be like,
from what I know, I believe we went to the moon.
Could I be wrong? I could be wrong. And I'm not
going to sit there and say I'm, you know, I know
what I'm talking about cuz I really don't. Well,
maybe the more interesting middle path would
be there are UFOs along the way to the moon and
it's surrounded or something and you have um John
Podesta who is Clinton's chief of staff and you
know who I interviewed. Oh, really interesting.
I interviewed him. Yeah. What was that like? It
it was great cuz he talked about you know they so
uh Lawrence Spelman Rockefeller who put together
the briefing document for uh dignitaries and
high level politicians and all that stuff. I
it was like a global thing. uh he apparently put
significant pressure on the Clinton administration
to look into UFOs and to the point where he
said if you don't do it I'm going to I'm going
to publicize the fact that you won't do it I'm
going to put it on the cover of every magazine
across the country you know blah blah blah
apparently threatened him a little bit and uh
and so Podesta said all right well the Clinton
administration said all right pick a case that
we should look into and they picked Roswell cuz
Roswell obviously if it happened you right and So
uh and then according to Podesta, Clinton was not
happy with the answers they were getting. They
were getting the runaround. The president of the
United States was getting the runaround. Yeah. No,
that's right. And then Podesta basically entered a
you know multi-dead long personal search for this
whole thing. And was it cool that he spoke out at
one of the uh National Press Club events I think
that Leslie Kaine was involved with back way back
back when? Maybe. Yeah. Oh, maybe. I believe it.
Well, they're they're emails that have since been
deleted between him and Tom Delong about UFOs,
and these are this came out over Wikileaks, but
you know, I think this this exists in the form
of screenshots or maybe the way back machine or
something. And it's him uh meeting with a guy
named Bob Fish, who um I think might have worked
at Aerospace Corporation in Elsagundo across from
SpaceX, this sort of mysterious federally funded
research and development center think tank. And
they're talking about fast walkers. And they
talk about things in space. Fast walkers and
and you to this day you cannot use the freedom
of information act on fast walkers. You know
uh John Greenwald tried to do that. He's like the
you know UFO foyer guy and and was rejected. And
um and the defense support program the DSP is
the air force's outermost defense of like uh
like 80,000 mi up. Yeah it's uh yeah I think
uh a little less than that I think. But yeah
80,000 ft. I'm so sorry. I meant to say 80,000
ft. Because isn't that space? That's where space
starts. But I think um I think I think it's like
35,000 kilometers and up is geocynchronous orbit.
I think that's where they're detecting these fast
walkers. And that's where they're detecting these
fast walkers. And um yeah, interesting. Right. And
so you have the Malmrren thing where you puncture
the Van Allen radiation belt and that UFO material
comes out a tic tac. You have the you have it's
just material that he held is is all we know.
Lawrence Preston G who ran the Atomic Energy
Comm Commission Albuquerque branch. Did they scoop
it out of the ocean? They did scoop it out of the
ocean. Yeah. And uh General uh General Starbird
um who was there flew back to headquarters at
like 4:00 a.m. that night and William Ogle, who
was overseeing the whole thing for Los Alamos
uh special projects division, writes about it.
And all all of this is like public. It's it's
it's really insane. And yeah, and you have this
kind of public fight between um uh you have on
the one hand Jeffrey Krookshank who's like a
nuclear expert UFO researcher in Australia and
um then Dean Johnson and uh Merrick von Renenamp.
They say it's the booster, but he's sure that it
can't be the booster. It has to be some sort
of anomalous UFO material. But you have video
of something coming out of and then and then you
have this other video where it looks like there's
a white triangle superimposing the UFO coming out
of the nuclear blast plume. Wow. It's crazy. It's
crazy. And I that's where the debate gets a little
above my head as far as you know the Merrick and
Dean Johnson versus the Krook Shank. I don't know
if that but we need more eyes on that. It's an
important thing. When you interviewed Malgum Yeah.
And I was watching the interview. I was like,
I'm so glad you got to him. Uh I was thinking to
myself, and this is just me speculating, whatever.
I was thinking like about that launch of the Atlas
rocket at Vandenberg circa 1964. 64 uh with the
with the with the dummy warhead on it. Right. No
wonder if it's true what Malgrim says. Right. They
detonated that up into was it subspace or Yeah,
it was a Yeah, high altitude nuclear. Yeah, little
subspace. Yeah. Right. So, if that's the case,
no wonder why they were shooting at the dummy
warhead. According to Jacobs, right, the footage
that he captured, if I if one of my comrades
was shot down by one of these silly like missile
launch with a nuclear, you know what I mean? Like,
I'd probably shoot it out of the sky, too, which
is exactly what they did. I was like, "Wow,
that makes sense." No wonder why they shot it
out of the sky. Yes. It took some of their people
down. Yes. And then and then you then you have
this disabling nukes shooting that out of the sky.
Like that's pretty phenomenal. Yeah. It's really
phenomenal. And Louo said he saw that footage.
Yeah, I know. He says he saw that footage. He
says he knows where it is. And I'm like, Lou,
get that thing out. We saw the video and we tip.
That's crazy cuz that's what I was going to ask
you. He said he was like, I think Lou has seen the
video. So you've seen the video. Yeah. So you know
this is a real thing. Yeah. Oh my god. It's Is
the video Do you still have the video or I don't
have It was It was in Pentagon with all my other
files when when the Pentagon said they deleted
everything. Of course we know they really didn't
because really after they Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh my
god. They know where everything is. And then and
then when I talked to a buddy of mine, apparently
somebody went in and they they cleaned everything
out. But what they don't realize is that there's
backups in a whole lot of places at that Pentagon.
So, okay, the problem is if I say it right now,
they'll go into mysteriously a bunch of people's
computers will wind up disappearing tomorrow. So,
I'm just going to wait until the right time and uh
you know that stuff is alive and well. We need to
provide people like Lou and Grush immunity so they
can give us all those details that we need. That
that needs to happen. We need to figure that out.
give it like if the presidential executive order
say everything you know and let's let's reverse
it. You have to say everything you know or you're
in trouble. Everything you know that doesn't
compromise some like specific vehicle you're
working on that's going to confer a tactical
advantage to Russia or China. All the science,
let it out and and flip it and say if
you don't say everything, you know,
you're going to get in trouble. Let's do that. I I
I mean, you know, look, we've got nothing to lose,
everything to gain. Obviously, there are
certain aspects of national security. I
understand that they don't want to get in the
hands of the wrong people. I get it. You know,
if the accounts would be believed that, you know,
Russia's obviously trying to figure this out,
but it's like it's like nuclear trade secrets.
We don't let out the trade secrets, but nuclear
science is taught at universities across the
United States. This should be treated the exact
same way. Totally agree. I I totally agree. And
like, you know, like I said earlier in the in
the show, if you don't believe Lou, if you don't
believe Grush, you don't believe Hal, you don't
believe Eric Davis or any of these other alleged
whistleblowers, uh, let's let's give him immunity
and let's put him on the Well, that's Eric Davis
in your recent moment of contact. He's asking for
that. He says literally, give me blanket immunity
and I will say everything I know. Yep. He'll
testify tomorrow in an open under under oath under
oath to a bipartisan group of lawmakers openly for
the whole world to see. And he says he has all
this data on crash retrievalss, alien bodies.
Criticize him all you want. He says, "I swear on
my family's life that this is the truth." He said,
"On my children's life." On my children's life.
Where's the proof? We have alien spaceships in our
possession. We have bodies. Where and why can't I
get the specifics to verify those claims? If the
president of the United States issued an executive
order that absolves me of all of my TSSCI, NDAs,
NDAs are non-disclosure agreements. Those are the
agreements we have to sign for every compartment
in our SCI clearances. So if the president waves
or absolves my obligation to those NDAs and I get
subpoenaed by Congress, some somebody on Capitol
Hill, some committee either in the Senate or the
House or the both to reveal everything I know
that I learned from my investigations both
unclassified and classified into the legacy UAP
crash retrieval and hardware reverse engineering
and NA NHI programs. I would do so if I could be
waved from that or absolved in some fashion by
presidential order. And if Congress subpoenas me,
yes, I would go and tell them everything I know.
This reality is very hard, very physical, very
real. And uh this type of evidence um you can't
come by in the open literature. It's not public.
It's classified. And I can't discuss what it was,
but I can tell you, yeah, it's a crash retrieval.
There's a craft and there's alien bodies.
That's all I can say about it. You swear on your
life that you saw those pictures. Oh, I swear in
my life and everybody's my my children's life.
So, yeah, I'm absolutely telling you the truth.
I saw the evidence and it's stark. Just wild.
So, yes, that needs Thank you for remembering
that. That's a great line. Absolutely. I swear on
my ch Who's going to say that? Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
who would say that? You're either you're either a
sick person, a psychopath or or you're or you're
telling the truth. Yeah. Um, and speaking of,
you know, the idea, speaking of psychopaths,
no. Speaking of psychopaths, Yeah. No, speaking
of your your mentioning of Bob Jacobs Vandenberg
case in ' 64 where you have this dummy nuclear
warhead getting shot out of the sky. Yes. Um,
this is where it gets really trippy because either
they are defending against some sort of incursion
in their airspace. Yeah. Or they're actually
provoking uh some of this occurring. So this is
this is really strange, but Malgm on his deathbed
told Pipa, his daughter, that he saw an interview
from one of the surviving beings from Roswell and
that taped. What's that? Taped a taped interview.
A taped interview. Okay. Okay. So he saw Sorry,
just abundance of clarity. No, no, a taped
interview. So Melgrim on his deathbed. Yes. Told
his daughter Pippen. He was alive and a friend of
mine and that he watched a tape. a taped interview
with a captured alien with a captured alien. And
guess what? Guess what the alien said? He the
alien gave them the idea to do bluegill triple
prime and have this, you know, specialized X-ray
system that would not only be used as missile
defense, but be used to take out UFO material out
of the sky to be reverse engineered. So it's that
isn't that like like a like a deal like what like
giving him information as to how to retrieve the
material. So you get into this weird thing where
like didn't even say that on camera. I know. Well,
there's so much Why would his daughter make that
up? No. Why would she make it up? No, that doesn't
make any sense. Well, it's all these things and
and and there was kind of a takeown of the uh you
know, there's all these people criticizing Malgm
afterwards. They said that. Well, yeah. Well,
I can also I mean, when they're dead. Sure. I can
also crush all their argument. They literally, you
know, this is, you know, I don't want to be too
tribalistic. Like, I I do think all of this stuff
has to be thought about probabilistically. And
like, if there are good points, please make them
against this guy. There's no there no sacred cows.
He's making an extraordinary claim. But this guy
was an elite statesman who knew people, you know,
at the top of the of the chain. Like literally,
you know, knew knew Nixon personally. He was LBJ,
um, JFK, Nixon and Ford, you know, presidential
adviser. And he's not an anybody. He was he was a
little bit junior in the in the JFK administration
and was more, you know, in touch with Shrivever.
Um, but like yeah, was not was not a nobody.
uh you know t talks about stories with the you
know Russian foreign minister do Brinan. His
mentor was Richard Bissell who was founded area 51
and was the deputy director of the CIA the number
two at the entire CIA. We have diaries of his
that say meeting with Bissell all over his his
diary his journal. So he definitely knew Bissell.
If he had gotten his Q clearance through the CIA
there's no way to use the Freedom of Information
Act against highest level clearance Q. Yes. Well,
I think there possibly, you know, UAP group
talks about different designations within Q
clearance like a SAP like um I think there's
this like special foreign intelligence design.
So the CIA works with the DI DOE and there's a
counterintel division actually of uh uh uh the
CIA that like works with the department of energy
and I think there are different Q clearances you
can have because DO D sorry Department of Energy
because I was told I think it was Chris Melon was
telling me this that they hide things because
anything nuclear would be national security.
Yeah. So that's under Department of Energy. If
you look at the so you could hide these saps and
woo saps in the under the department of energy
act is that yeah if you look at the special um
definition of nuclear material 1954 atomic energy
act it's anything emitting any sort of radiation
alpha beta gamma radiation whatever upon retrieval
of that thing that is restricted data so it's born
secret automatically automatically secret so
if you're an aerospace contractor you don't
need some sort of official clearance designation
you know you just automatic you're automatic ally
that is under secret or that umbrella. Yeah.
Wow. So, so, so you have this this, you know,
this blog came out trying to debunk Malmrren,
but if he got a skew clearance through the CIA,
they'd have no idea uh that, you know, they you
can't use a freedom of information against that.
This was at the time where, you know, not official
covers, this idea of being a knock for the CIA was
like rampant. like a ton of these guys. And he was
at a federal funded uh research and development
center um called the IDA, the the Institute
for Defense Analysis, which has instituted
every or has helped with every single missile
defense system that the US has built since then,
since Bluegill Triple Prime. And he said in a 2024
interview before he interviewed with me that his
work at the IDA was actually a cover for what he
was doing for the National Security Council in
the White House. So you have all these arguments
that oh, he was just at the IDA. who's like some
junior guy like no he's already talked about this
and his mentor by the way was extremely high up at
the CIA this is what you're really good at you're
really good at putting these complex pieces of the
puzzle together it's like oh this is like this
like that that makes sense and this is over here
it's like duh important well totally important are
you kidding me and I love the deep dives that you
do just like when I put the maps up for Venia
this witness was here this witness turns out to
be there it's like oh my gosh it all lines up you
have a full picture you have a full picture just
like what you're doing on the inside like you're
creating that full picture which is mandatory for
what you do. Like when I'm in the field putting
the pieces of the puzzle together when we met it
made perfectly good sense cuz we knew for de for
decades that it went initially alive to regional
right that it was humanitas. Now we have we have
to get to humanitas. We're working on that now.
Like you know what I mean? You're putting the
piece and they're all it's all painting the
picture, right? Like it's incredible just like
what you're doing. Yeah. You're putting the all
the pieces of the puzzle together. Where are the
different it? It's incredible. And I I'm always
impressed when I watch how you do that. Like
I'm doing it in my little way and you're doing,
you know, we're all doing. Yeah. No, it's really
cool to watch. That was like There was a couple
of interview deep dive interviews that you did
that I was just like, "Holy smokes, you know,
it was very impressive with Hal or was it Hal?
Um, uh, Eric Davis." Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. that
that whole thing just the deep dives and stuff
that you do is very impressive to watch. Well,
I'm excited. It's fun to watch all this stuff
accelerate. And we're we're in this together.
Yes. We support each other. Yes. I remind people
out there that to to we're stronger together. Be
kind. Particularly those you disagree with. It's
okay that we disagree. That's fine. Yes. Nothing
wrong with that. Yes. And uh you know, I'm not out
here screaming ET from the hilltops. I'm not. I
I'm I'm curious. I want to know desperately what's
behind it all. It's easy to it's easier and lazier
to impugn somebody's motives and say that they're
a bad actor than to actually tackle the substance
or give them a platform so they can they can cough
up the goods. Yeah. Exactly. Why not? Yeah. Yeah.
Exactly. Yes. So, I'm just going to criticize you
and I'm not going to, you know, uh I'm not going
to, you know, continue like people give these
breadcrumbs. I think about like David Grushk
for instance, you know, he comes forward, it's
like, all right, well, you know what, you know,
extraordinary claims if you want to say prov, you
know, give us extraordinary evidence, but why not
create that platform for David G to build to do
that? He's refrained, he's restrained, he's scared
for his safety, his family safety, like he could
get locked up. I mean, those are real concerns
that these people have. Yeah. You think he's going
to fall on his face? Okay, give him the one time
clearance. Let him go back. That's exactly right.
like or or put him out to testify under oath. Like
why why wouldn't we do that? Yeah. You know, so
yeah. Anyway, I Yeah. Have you Okay. Yes, sir.
You got I got more for you cuz you you've seen so
much history. So, have you ever seen a saucer in
a hanger? [__] I wish. Are you kidding me? Come
on. Cuz of all people, if I was on the inside, I'd
say I'd say James. I can neither nor kid. I wish.
Have you ever been taken into a skiff? Yes, you
have. Yes. Have you ever seen anything interesting
in a skiff? Yes. Yes. What did you see? I I can't
talk about that because they asked me not to, but
I said if that goes out, that's not going to look
good for you guys. That's that flies in the face
of all the testimony that I've ever heard. So,
not as good as things you've seen in the open
source. Yeah. And it was so funny too because
I I had just put out the program and I met with a
number of government insiders that intel insiders,
excuse me, that described the exact computer uh
the computer that has access to all the good,
you know what I mean? UFO files and stuff like
that. And I was sitting there looking at it in
the skiff and I'm thinking if I could have just
a few minutes of that computer, you know what
I mean? Yeah. No, it was really crazy. was what
a kind of a pinch yourself moment when I was in
there with John Klesclowski the the the new head
of Arrow which I liked him actually. I like you
thought he was cool. I did way cooler than Sean
Kurpatre that's for sure. Sean Kurpatre man that
guy that I maybe that guy was red in or something.
I don't know that guy was I don't trust that guy
at all. I don't either. John Kusclowski was a
really nice guy. I looked him in the eyes. He
seemed like a sincere, honest nice guy. I did not
get a bad vibe from him. But I was talking openly
cuz I was like what I have to lose. They know who
I am. Like I was talking about Rua. I was talking
to you know Vinia. I was talking about Sakura. All
these different cases. And I was like you know you
know you're going to draw the conclusion after all
the other you've exhausted every other possibility
that we are dealing with a small percentage
of probably non-human intelligence. Right? I
mean you you know that like what's the plan to
tell the public? And they were both very quiet.
And um John goes, he goes, "You know, James,
very soft, like non I liked him. I got a good
vibe from him." And he's like, "You know, James,
I can't part my hair without the approval of the
DoD." Whoa. And then he goes, and you can quote me
on that. Okay, you're quoting him on that. But I
was in the skiff and u it was just like in the
movies, you I went in I went in it was not too
far from the Pentagon and I had to get a 48 hour
background check which I passed. Thank god. And
then I had to go through all the security, take
everything off and go through all the Oh my gosh,
that took forever. And then they had these
like glass tube like things. I felt like it
was in Star Trek or something. They I think they
went to the ceiling or they were pretty high up.
Glass tubes and you walk up to it and one side
opens and you step in and then that closes and
another one opens and now you're in the inside.
And then I go to a locker. They probably got my
phone data and I took all my all my electronics
and I put it in the locker and you know and then
we went to a big door with a thing and you know
just like you almost like a bank vault looking
door and it opened up and it was a it was a it
was I thought it was going to be like a kind of a
small room but it was hu it was like the whole the
whole office area was all one big skiff, right?
and they walked me in there and I was just like,
"Oh my god, this is crazy." Actually, before
before uh we went into this gift and I just gotten
through security, I had this badge and I was like,
"I really want a picture of this badge cuz I
just want to, you know, want to have it from
memory." So, I Okay, can I use the bathroom? You
know, oh, sure. It's I went in the bathroom. Click
took a picture of the badge, which I have cuz I
don't know. It's It's not illegal, right? Take a
picture of the badge. But anyway, they take me
in this down this hallway. There's a bunch of
different cubicles and take me down this hallway.
And then there was like a door on my right and a
door on my left. The door on my right was closed.
The door on the left was open. And there was like
a I don't know if it was a round table or if it
was slightly like um like uh what do you call um
um oblong or whatever. But anyway, there were
four or five people, couple girls, couple guys in
suits, nicely dressed, sitting there. And they
said, "Wait right here." And I, like I said,
I had a door to my on my right and I had this open
door on my left and I couldn't help myself. I was
just like, you know, kind of listening in on the
convers. I just I was sc What else am I supposed
to do? I stopped where they told me to stop and
I'm and then they looked at me and they got up and
they closed the door of my face. Ah, and then uh
and then John Klascowski with another guy from OSI
came and and met with me and open opened the door
in that room and then we went inside there and
that's when we had I don't know maybe a 30-minute
conversation and in that conversation was he
admitting that the UFO stuff is real? They didn't
say no and they didn't say yes. They were just sat
there quietly. Okay. Yeah. because I was like
this case and this case and this case and they
didn't and then they did say that the phenomenon
was mandatory viewing for anyone who worked for
Arrow. Interesting. Well, that's cool. Isn't
that cool? That's pretty awesome. I was like,
"Wow." Yeah, that was a nice little You know, I'm
telling you, you're doing as much work for they're
they're learning from you. Wait a second. Are you
ready? There you go. Nice graphic. I don't know. I
I love my little phenomenal t-shirt. I got to buy
one. I go, "No, I'll give you some energy." No,
I The first time I went on Rogan and I I I was
like, I'm not going to be the guy who gives them a
t-shirt on camera. I'm going to do it afterwards.
Yeah. I always do that, too. You know what I mean?
So, I give him a t-shirt afterwards. On camera
is basically like, here's an advertisement. Like,
hey, you know, and uh and I don't even own the
phenomena anymore. And none of the proceeds go
to me, but I still want people to watch it because
I'm very proud of that body of work and everyone
that's in the credits deserves it. But um but
I gave it to Joe Rogan and you know really
appreciate and and uh oh so you know when we went
to dinner with Joe Rogan the night before with
Jacqu Filelet and one other guy from his team.
It was great man. We we drank really nice wine.
Oh was five course. Oh it was incredible meal. Oh
my lord we had so much fun. I was was a wonderful
Joe's such a nice guy man. Like just really a
nice guy you know care what anybody says about
you. You meet him and you hang out with him. This
guy's cool. Nice guy, man. And super fulfilled
and like so humble and just kind and generous
and anyway, I got up from the meal and I went
discreetly out like I was going to the bathroom
and I paid for the meal. Oh, and it wasn't cheap.
And uh and and came back and he you know after
like 20 more minutes he's like hey can you know
can we get the bill here please? And and the guy
goes it's been taken care of. And Joe looks over
And I got the impression like nobody does that.
What? How did he react? Well, he was shocked. He
was like, you you know, oh my god, nobody, you
know, I was like, oh, hey, man, that's the least
I can do. Thank you. Anyway, um, but I gave him
the t-shirt. Yeah. And two or three days later,
I could everyone's blowing me up. Joe Rogan's
wearing your t-shirt on his podcast. And there
he was rocking the phenomenon on his podcast.
How cool is that? That's so cool. You know what
I mean? He just did the same with ours merch last
week and it was just so it was so so nice of him.
It's so cool. He has helped so many people. He's
created so many careers. So many I'll give you an
example. When I I got an Uber ride uh when Joe uh
Joe flew me in first class, which is incredible.
Then I had a driver pick me up and the driver
he was like, "Oh, you're going on Joe? Oh god,
I love that guy." And I was like, "Oh." He goes,
"Let me tell you, man. I was really down on my
luck and I was just things weren't going well and
I was just really struggling and he goes, I I was
I was on to take Joe to some place and I got the
address wrong and I I got him lost and I you know,
15 minutes longer than it should have been and
I felt terrible. He was, you know, Joe Rogan's
such an important guy and he's got all this stuff
going on and man, I felt terrible and Joe's like,
"Hey man, wait here. I got I'll be right back.
I need to go to this one location. Come back."
And Joe came back and he tipped him like $2,000.
He gave him some huge tip and he goes, "That saved
my life. I was behind on my rent. I was like
really struggling financially." He goes, "Joe
did that for me." And I'm a random stranger. Like
just screwed up his his ride. And I heard That's
wild. Yeah. And I heard that from just about
everybody that I encountered in the Austin area
about how Joe would do a random act of kindness
and generosity, help people like No, he is like
he's like that. He he called me out of the blue
and was like just super complimentary like like
just so nice and and uh yeah, he's so generous.
And um what else? So, I mean, there's that story
of this mi Miss Pat, this comedian. She uh I think
right when COVID hit or whatever was struggling or
whatever, and she was like, "The only guy that
called me was Joe Rogan, you know, and like Oh,
really? Yeah. He really he really cares." And he
does care and and he really does sincerely care.
And you hear all the stories behind the scenes
of people that have had encounters with him and
had nothing but nice things to say. Nothing but
nice things to say. And I say the same thing.
Like I'm incredibly grateful for the exposure he's
given all of us. All of us. I think he's more than
anybody bent the timeline towards exposure and
even an interest in any of this. No question. And
it allows like more, you know, kind I find I think
I'm sort of this niched like you know compared to
Another thing that I really love about Joe is that
Joe has President Trump on Joe has Bernie Sanders
on. Yeah. Joe has opposing viewpoints. He's kind
to everybody. like he gives them a platform cuz I
think like it's so easy nowadays like oh you're
on the left or you're on the right or you're in
the middle or you're whatever and you know you're
the you're the devil. We disagree therefore you're
the devil. And I just like that bothers me because
I'm friends with all you're cool and you're a nice
person. We're good. You know what I mean? Like
and I'm friends with people that are both sides of
the spe we don't even care. We're high five. We're
really close and tight good. You know what I mean?
Like I don't believe in the demonizing of someone
just because they have a different viewpoint than
you do. That's just so wrong. I know. It's so
wrong. Yeah. Yeah. The internet allows you to
do that. You you um compress somebody into this
2D thing. Exactly. You're you're like this avatar
that like you know you're some evil like you
know and you're not actually just like this full
dimensional like you have a human being with like
a family and like you totally it's like we're all
it's all good. I know. I know. But then none of
those people would say those things to your face,
you know? It's just it's this keyboard warrior.
That's a very good point. BS. It's like Yeah,
that is a very good point. Yeah. When you
meet him like I always say like like I've
said some things very rarely and particularly
not publicly, but I said I I said this, you know,
to this person's face. So, I was like, "Hey,
you know, I really hurt because of X, Y, and Z,
and I really appreciate it if you, you know,
cuz I feel like if I have an issue with anybody,
I'm going to tell say it to their face." Totally.
Cuz that's the way it should be. I'm not going to
sit there and like, "Oh, he said this and no,
it's like, I got an issue. Let's hash it out.
I'm pissed off. XY." And we all make mistakes.
I piss people off inadvertently, you know? Like,
oh [__] I'm so sorry they were offended
or I said the wrong thing. And like, hey,
all you can do is go back and make an apology.
I'm really sorry. I hope you forgive me. And
nine times out of 10, people are like, "You
know what? That's cool. We're good." Yeah,
it's all Yeah, totally. Yeah, 100%. Have Okay.
Have you ever been asked to bury a story?
Sort of. Sort of. Okay. What does that mean?
Like, hey, sort of like uh I've had to like
this this meeting never happened. Okay. Uh we
don't discuss any of the details that I just gave
you. And I feel like if I violated that trust, I
wouldn't get in the door with these people. No,
I I mean valuing relationships over Yeah. Yeah.
No, I I mean more like you were covering a thing
independently. Somebody entered your life and
said you can't cover. Okay. Kind of because
it was an aspect of the story that I got from
the inside that they didn't want that aspect
out as part of the story that I was covering
and I made them the promise that I wouldn't.
Was that for the program? No. Okay. No, earlier
than that. Earlier than that. Well, earlier and
later. Okay. I'm not trying to be No, no, no. They
just asked me not to mention it and and I respect
that. That How How did they find out? How did that
How did they find out that you were covering the
thing? Oh. Oh, my my work is public. Okay. Okay.
So, you were like you were starting to surface.
It was a followup on a previous thing that I'd
reported on and they were like, "Don't take that
further. Don't don't don't mention that we showed
you this and don't mention that we Okay. You know.
Okay. So, I said I wouldn't. Damn. I know. Do you
want Do you think that that if people knew that
thing that would move the needle as far as overall
disclosure? Uh, no. No, not really. Okay. Um,
I I think the uh I think the Hullman landing
footage exists and I've talked to a number of
people and I didn't when I first heard about
it I was like come on a landing contact please
please like come on. Yeah. You know uh but now I'm
convinced the Hullman did happen and I think that
would obviously move the needle particularly if
you know why are you convinced? Well, because I
was investigating Sakoro and that happened in '
64, April 24th, 1964. And in the process, and I
spent 5 years investigating that case on and off,
I met with Ray Stanford, RIP, uh, who was the one
of the lead investigators, wrote the book Sakoro
Saucer on a Pentagon Pantry. And in the process
of investigating, I was reading all the articles.
I went to the house. I befriended his wife, Mary,
daughter, son, Michael. And I'm reading, I'm going
through all the newspaper clippings. I'm going to
the national archives. And I mean, I'm really
doing a deep dive into that case cuz my god,
it's a very good case. And I came upon a couple of
articles, coincidentally, haphazardly, you know,
written by Corral Lorenzan of the UA UFO Bulletin,
I think it was called. and um she had talked
about uh this land in Hollowman. She interviewed
someone that was in an airplane that witnessed it
and someone that was on the ground at the base
that witnessed it. Both military officials and
apparently she was a respected journalist and and
I was like h this is interesting. like this is an
original, you know, article and I was looking
at it like h and that led me to uh Bob uh uh
come on uh the two guys that made the film uh UFOs
past, present and future, Emger and Alan Sandler
and Enegger in particular. And then of course
that led me to to Colonel William Coleman who
had that dramatic encounter uh with UFO and B-55
over Alabama, but also he was later on part of
Project Blue Book. He was a public spokesman
for the for the Pentagon during the time the
film was being made. And I started poking around
and started as a side investigation. I started to
look into the landing case that they kind of um
put forth as a concept that may something that
might have happened already that maybe would
happen in the future in their film. Right.
And uh and then that led me to uh you know Emgger
who talked with the the guy Paul Shart who's at
the archive processed the film of the landing
talked about it in great detail. I interviewed
Bob Emman which I'm going to release for free.
All my archives coming up soon. I just been so
busy. I digitized them all and now they're all
digitized now. I just have to go through them and
edit them and I'm going to and I'm going to put
them all out there for free for everybody. Cool.
Um uh but anyway and and based on that and then
Alan Sander was shown the footage by Paul Shardle.
He's convinced that it was a real flying saucer.
No question about it. Three came in over the base.
Two peeled away. One came down and landed. And he
goes, "James, just like in a in a sci-fi movie,
there was no there was like a a seamless door that
just opened and dropped." Alan Sandler happens to
think that it was our technology in this whenever
it was shown to him in the 70s. I think he was
shown it in 7273 but it was taken in the '60s
I believe is what Paul Shartel said. Um and
uh he thinks it was our technology our flying
saucers that we had and they dressed people up
to look like aliens as a staged event. But he goes
it wasn't doctorred. It was a real flying saucer
that really flew and that really came down and
landed uh over the base and it was filmed on a
tripod which means they anticipated it coming cuz
you don't have a trip camera sitting on a tripod
unless they're filming something else unrelated
and then the event happened. Either that or they
just saw it happening because I I asked those
details and he said they were met with a bunch of
uh military base commanders in uniform got into
a jeep off they went disc just sat there on the
ground and then the film footage ends. He thinks
it was staged. He thinks it was a real disc, real
technology, real flying saucer that really flew in
the 60s and that it was a That's what he thinks.
Why does he Why does he think that? I don't know.
I guess it was hard for him to imagine that real
aliens. I don't I really don't know. Okay. But
he said that they had Egyptian headdresses, big
noses, slits for mouth, tall. Yeah, kind of tall.
Not not short. So that and and some sort of device
that they assumed would have been a communication
device. Okay. But if he's saying that, is that
like were there makeup artists involved? Like
what? Evidently, there would have been according
to him. They dressed them up in was like [__]
That was a real event. It was an extraterrestrial.
Paul Shart, who had the footage, who processed
the footage at Norton Air Force Base Absolutely
to his death said that was a real event. And
then of course, I've talking to other people
that have subsequently he's come out with it. Eric
Davis said that uh either he was told about it.
President Bush was either senior was either
told about it or shown it. I can't remember.
Do you know? Eric Davis said that he talked to
President Bush about it. I I know there's some
relation there, but I don't know. As head of
the CIA, he was made aware of it accidentally
and that's how he became aware of it, but I don't
know if he was shown it. Eric Davis would know. So
fascinating. Well, we could go back and forth all
day, man. I love talking to you and you're such a
treasure trove of deep knowledge when it comes
to UFOs and inspiration for I don't really feel
like that. I I know what I know talking directly
to witnesses around the world and that's it. But
you have a much deeper understanding of so many of
the complexities and intricacies from what you do
and I respect that. But it's great. We compliment
each other. I don't know. I don't know anything
man. Neither do I. I know. I know less than I did
when I It's the more you know, the less you know,
you know. Totally. And uh the more the more
questions you have and the weirder it gets.
You expect it to neatly collapse into oh it's
like either all man-made, you know, anti-gravity
vehicles plus plus MK Ultra or whatever. And then
you go or or it's just these beings and they're
like from this specific place and you like no. And
it's like I haven't gotten either of those. Like
it just keeps getting weirder and weirder as I'm
sure you've experienced. And so please, you know,
don't put me in that position. go out under the
night sky in the remote desert and look up and
just realize just how vast the known universe
is. Yeah. And the possibilities of life. One of
the things we covered out of the blue very early
on was like the equations of the possibilities of
life. Yes. In the universe and it's like 100% like
it just comes out at 100. There was uh that book
uh written by air zel probability one years
ago back in the 90s you know and it was like
mathematically we are not alone look yes you
know come on yes could be all the and life is
bizarre life is absurd and bizarre consciousness
itself is weird like what what is happening nobody
can you know has a great answer for that and uh I
think the framing of disclosure it's both exciting
because maybe we're on the precipice of this you
know big reveal But it's also kind of a misnomer
because I think, you know, per the messages that
maybe a lot of these beings seem to transmit,
we're in more of a position ourselves to know the
truth than we might realize. And I don't think
the government has monopoly on an understanding
of metaphysics. I do think they have asymmetric
understanding of maybe some technology and they
might have some more materials and might have some
more footage and concrete evidence than civilians
do. But the idea that they have some sort of like
ontological understanding of the universe that
like you know people can't achieve without them
giving that info. I mean great let's let's get the
info amazing but it's also like a low agency thing
you know it's like we can we can do it ourselves
too and and and and anyone can understand this
stuff if they reach for it. So I don't know or or
or understand it or or or or uh understand more
of it. you know, one you pull on one thread, you
get like three more in its place. But, you know,
I think we can ascend much greater to much greater
heights kind of intellectually than, you know,
give ourselves credit for. One little thing in
the t-shirt, but I'm kidding. You got some gummy
bears, some James Fox gummy bears. Just what,
you know, that's really cool. Speaking of which,
my swag. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, I I want
to thank you for having me on. I want to thank
you for all your support. I really appreciate
it. Oh, man. I really I really mean that. No,
it's an honor to get to know you and and um
yeah, really, you know, ride in your your wake
that you've created, you know, aerodynamically. I
get to I get to Hey, we're all in this together.
We all make our contribution. Absolutely. Well,
go check out what's the what's the it's moment
of contact New Revelations of Alien Encounters.
It was we did a complete because we really felt
like I felt like you know processing you got all
the congressional hearings, right? And that like
I think about mainstream I think about skeptics.
Fair enough. It's very healthy to be skeptical
but I think about trying to process like those
allegations made under oath by Grush and Blue
and all the all the others um of crash retrievals
and live aliens and biologics, right? So I kind
of like took the first 20 minutes completely new
condensed those congre those those hearings as
you saw. condense those hearings and then hey
you know what as extraordinary as this sounds
it's not the first time and I give really quick
examples of various you know magenta we go to
Italy we you know Roswell very quickly I don't get
bogged down in those old cases but boom boom boom
you know Kexsburg uh uh Kingman um the landing at
Bentwaters just really statements of craft landing
landing or crash on the ground and then but the
best case you know and then we do a deep dive
into Varia with all the new testimony from two
forensic pathologists, from the chief of police,
new crash witness, plus the lead neurosurgeon at
regional hospital. And none of these people are
coming forward in this new cut. No one is coming
forward anonymously. They're putting their names,
their reputations, their faces out there for the
whole world to see. Yeah. Well, thank God they
did, and thank God you went out there and and got
the footage and keep going back there. And yeah,
it's just uh it's an honor to to speak with you.
Go watch this movie cuz I think it's going to be
I think it's going to be earthshattering.
Especially watching Italo Venturelli,
this neurosurgeon. Just his revelation just feels
so important. This this this testimony of being
face to face with an alien being for that long.
I'm told it's the first time in history. Luckily,
you know, we never had with Roswell,
right? We didn't have with any of these
other cases where we have we don't have
video of this of these. Yes. Yeah. I mean,
obviously it would be great to get the ultimate
prize, right? I mean, to get No, no, but you have
video of him. And he and he's still alive now.
He's still alive. He's still alive. He's like,
I I asked him, would you put your hand in a
Bible? Would you testify? You know, would you
take a Yes. All the above? Yes. And now the whole
entire doctor medical community in the region are
all supporting him, getting behind him. And I'm
told there are other doctors that are considering
when the time is right to come forward. So,
we're we're at the beginning of the beginning.
I'm I'm I'm quite honestly very excited about it
and we'll see how it's received. Yeah. Well, let's
hope your dream becomes a reality and somebody
slips a thumb drive that's real in your pocket.
Or maybe it goes down in a in a in a in a way
that's more manageable for you. I don't know. But
I'm trying. Even if it gets out there, and by the
way Mhm. I'm going to make this abundantly clear.
Unless I have to If somebody gives me the footage,
I'm giving it away for free. I'm not going to
charge a dime for it. I love that. If I have to
pay for it, I'll have to recoup my investing to
pay those people back and then I'll put it out
there for free. But if I get it, I'll give it
to the world for free. I swear on my unless I
have to pay for it, reimburse the investors,
then I'll reimburse it and then I'll put it out
there for free. Yeah. Yeah. Go to jamesfox.com
behind a payw wall. No, that won't happen. I
promise. No, I think that's the right attitude
along with like, you know, wanting other people to
follow up on your research and and you're you're
the paradigmatic example of that cuz you're having
Amar who's a good friend of mine and kind of such
a cool guy. Yeah. He's the best. And he's kind of
a correspondent for the show, but he's kind of I
think he's going to start his own thing, I hope.
And um he's going to go get some amazing footage
with you. And so you've been so welcoming to me
and him as far as you know, come with me. And Oh,
yeah. That's not normal in the space. This there's
there are a lot of people, you know, they call
it's like I want to get the quote unquote scoop
and like I'll even see like I'll cover a thing
and then somebody will try to like frontr run the
thing. It's like and I'm always like great, good,
you cover it, too. We'll both cover you. It's
like whatever numbers. Yeah. Yeah. It's like we,
you know, so I appreciate you and um this was this
was amazing, man. And uh I'm excited to to do this
and hopefully do this many more times. Thank you,
brother. All right. Thank you, J. Bye. All right.
Over the last couple of months, we've been
designing the new American Alchemy merch drop,
and I'm excited to say that the 2025 winter drop
is finally ready. We now have 30 uniquely designed
pieces that really reflect what American Alchemy
is all about. This drop includes epic t-shirts,
long sleeves, crew necks, hoodies, tapered
sweatpants, hats, totes, mugs, and tumblers.
The Fukushima Japan pieces, for example, have
detailed left chest embroidery. The Morning of
Earth designs went through multiple revisions to
get the fit exactly right. And the Iron Horse tea
is something I think will be a hit for anyone who
loved the UFO cowboy or our atomic age shirts from
our last drop. We cut a lot of things that didn't
meet our standards, and we're really, really
proud of each of these items. Everything is pretty
limited, so there's no endless restocks. Once it's
gone, it's entirely gone. If you missed anything
from our original drops and you want to go out and
represent, now's the time to go grab something.
So, go to americanm.com to check it all out.